weaned off vent to continuous positive airway pressure and was extubated in the afternoon on 9 - 2 by the lung specialist team . 
she was intubated and was waken up after 10 - 22 minutes of pulseless electrical activity arrest . 
he was given succinyl choline and etomidate for intubation . 
had post - op lack of enough healthy red blood cells and was transfused with appropriate effect . 
the patient was maintained on logroll diseases prevention until tl spine films were obtained and read as negative . 
a line placed & sent to magnetic resonance imaging per neurosurgical recommendations . 
this gradually cleared when the patient was extubated and by the last few days of admission her mental status was at baseline . 
per patient , he took pepto - bismol 3 times earlier in the weeks for 3 days . 
patient is a 89 year old male with sick sinus syndrome s / p pacer , admitted to neurosurgery with subdural hematoma with acute respiratory distress / wheezing on the floor . 
mild right part of heart cavity enlargement with normal free wall motion . 
on postoperative days six , his international normalized ratio continued to be low at 1 . 3 but it was decided that his heparin could be discontinued and he would be discharged home with by mouth coumadin only . 
possibly secondary to worsening kidney function , but more likely due to bad illness . 
she progressed with physical therapy to improve her strength and mobility . 
patient is a 63 year - old man with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation , peripheral vascular disease , hyperlipidemia , hypertension and obstructive sleep apnea with complaint of several months of exertional chest pain and shortness of breath . 
primary care provider sent him for contrast magnetic resonance imaging , which revealed 15 - 20 ring - enhancing lesions in cerebrum , cerebellum , brainstem . 
the patient was aggresively pee 4 . 5 litter over the next 36 hours until his creatinine bumped and he was at his dry weight . 
megace was discontinued due to the possibility that this may contribute to the formation of a clot . 
his wound continued to improve and his veins antibiotics were stopped . 
in the critical care unit , the patient was resting comfortably in no abnormality detected . 
he was restarted on coumadin , and his international normalized ratio was therapeutic for a few days before admission . 
she also had subjective shortness of breath with chest x-ray suggesting fluid overload . 
later , it was thought that his low urine output was appropriate for his nutritional status . 
patient started to complain about right lower part of belly pain , radiating to right flank . 
also developed chest pain which she states persisted until she reached the emergency department , when she was given some medication that helped ( unsure which one ) . 
the mother was treated with ampicillin and received betamethasone . 
there was no change noted in his motor sensory function . 
a bedside echo revealed an ejection fraction of 20 % . 
- most likely source urinary tract infection with subsequent sepsis caused by urinary tract infection although aspiration pneumonia and infection from chronic right foot ulcer were also considered . 
focused assessment with sonography for trauma ultrasound exam performed by emergency department staff was thought by emergency department staff to be positive for presence of blood in the peritoneal cavity . 
given the extremely poor prognosis based on his initial muscle jerk status on admission , electroencephalogram pattern and clinical exam , the patient ' s family decided to make the patient comfort measures only . 
# chronic pain : patient is prescribed methadone by her primary care provider for chronic neck and back pain . 
she was initially covered with braod spectrum antibiotics with vanc , cefepime and flagyl . 
patient brought immediately to operating room for exploratory laparotomy , bilateral orthotopic lung transplant , and trach . 
he was given a windpipe incision surgery and percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube after failed extubation and reintubation . 
she once once again transferred to the cardiovascular intensive care unit in stable condition after evacuation . 
he received one dose of stress dose steroids in the emergency department . 
most likely abx - related , as clostridioides difficile negative prior to discharge . 
it was felt likely due to hepatorenal syndrome so midodrine 7 . 5mg three times a day was started as well as a bicarb glucose tolerance test for the blood disease . 
he was admitted to the trauma service and monitored in the trauma intensive care unit closely . 
he does report some cough productive of yellow sputum . 
computed tomography scan also revealed left common femoral vein deep vein thrombosis and left gonadal vein blood clot . 
the next day he received 2 units of packed red blood cells for hematocrit of 24 . 3 . 
was some concern for hepatorenal syndrome , given low urine sodium , though patient was responsive to protein made by liver challenge and maintained good urine output initially . 
other studies including a head computed tomography , neck computed tomography , tumor lysis syndrome films , and left arm film were negative for injury . 
she was given d50 with subsequent improvement of her blood sugars . 
neurosurgery consulted on the patient and did not intervene surgically as there was no evidence of enlargement of an artery present . 
computed tomography chest showed likely multifocal lung infection which was possible due to aspiration . 
the patient has switched physicians several times in the past several months and in the interim , has had increasing belly distention , diffuse belly discomfort / pain . 
the patient had complained to his primary care provider of exertional substernal chest pain for the past two weeks . 
he was initially stabilized after transfer to the critical care unit but had a similar arrest twice the next morning each following repositioning . 
her symptoms last for several days and then resolve , but tonight felt particularly weak , which prompted her visit to the emergency department . 
patient taken to the operating room for exploratory laparotomy , lysis of adhesions and stricture repairing . 
he ruled out for a heart attack by flat cardiac enzymes and his computed tomography angiogram was negative for a pulmonary embolism . 
computed tomography abdomen with by mouth contrast was obtained prior to transfer . 
in emergency department , found to be in 1st degree heart block with left bundle branch block . 
however , destruction of red blood cells labs were negative and no fragmented red blood cells were seen on the blood test . 
her computed tomography c - spine confirmed the type 2 odontoid fracture . 
fentanyl and lorazepam were administered for breakthrough agitation , with good response . 
post procedure electrocardiogram showing resolution of heart attack , no indication of stent caused blood clot or recurrent myocardial infarction . 
there was some concern for a l - sided loculated effusion on outside hospital computed tomography scan , but on review of these scans ( compared to prior ) these changes appear to be chronic . 
a chest x-ray on day of admission to the intensive care unit , showed a one - sided intransparency of unclear significance - possibly artifact - and the radiology read noted only both sided interstitial opacities but no focal lung infection . 
the patient ' s mildly elevated lactate on initial presentation which down - trended with intravenous fluids , as well as low blood pressure responsive to small fluid balls are consistent with blood volume depletion low blood pressure . 
due to her poor immune status from chemical drug therapy , she received a dose of ceftriaxone in the emergency department . 
evaluated by vascular surgery in emergency department , who felt that his right lower extremity was non - threatened and no surgical intervention was required . 
the patient was given one liter of normal saline and systolic blood pressure increased appropriately to 107 . 
she was given lasix for more urine production with substantial improvement in respiratory function and decreased oxygen requirement . 
post - operatively , he was extubated and transferred to the post-anesthesia care unit for further stabilization and monitoring . 
patietn was transferred and upon receiveing patient , it was decided that she would need an operation to relive the obstruction , and was therefore booked for urgent belly incisional surgery . 
also found to have lung infection , urinary tract infection , and high serum sodium concentration with a sodium to 152 . 
patient was apparently not injured but this morning he was unresponsive and would n ' t follow commands . 
the procedure was complicated by low blood pressure while intubated , for which he was on neosynephrine transiently . 
beta blockers were titrated to maximum blood dynamics as well as a diltiazem drip and he was started on coumadin on post - op day four for his bouts of abnormal heart rhythm . 
no complaints of shortness of breath , recent shortness of breath on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea , shortness of breath when lying flat , or previous chest pain . 
chest pain in the intensive care unit , she had episodes of chest pain often precipitated by food intake . 
she was d / c ' ed home with visiting nursing association and planned outpt follow - up with heart and lungs . 
staff obtained a pulmonary embolism protocol chest computed tomography which revealed a small pulmonary embolism in one of the left upper lobe segmental branches of the lungs artery as well as a superior vena cava clot . 
he denies recent dietary indiscretions and has been taking his insulin regularly in recent days . 
he is scheduled for close follow - up for radiofrequency ablation for his recently diagnosed hepatocellular carcinoma . 
electrocardiogram showed t wave inversions anterolaterally , new compared with an electrocardiogram from 2137 . 
hematocrit stable , no further excessive heart rate , enzymes stable . 
right chest tube was placed by chest surgery on 12 - 17 after attempted central venous line placement resulted in a collapsed lung . 
in medical intensive care unit she was started on zosyn for lungs infection , was transferred to the floor on 1 - 1 after stabilization . 
a bedside exam was suggestive of aspiration with this liquids thus a pureed diet with nectar thick liquids was started . 
the patient was continued on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale on the floor , and required minimal diazepam for symptoms . 
only positive result was the vancomycin-resistant enterococcus screen in the intensive care unit for which he was put on precautions metabolic acidosis developed with ph compensated by respiratory excessive blood alkalinity . 
patient was in usual state of health until 1am on 9 - 13 when she felt mild upper belly discomfort and sick and dizziness w / o vomiting after dinner which resolved with maalox . 
though his lactate trended down , his central venous o2 sats were greater than 70 indicating persistent septic physiology despite appropriate antibiotic treatment . 
it was decided that the patient ' s right foot would not survive and that right below knee amputation was the best solution . 
the patient was monitored on continous health measurements remotely throughout his stay without any clearly contributable heart abnormal heart rhythm . 
respiratory failure - given persistent fever and increase of white blood cell , likely bacterial lung infection with hemophilus influenza noted on sputum culture . 
patient with respiratory abnormally low level of oxygen in the blood was admitted and had copious thick secretions . 
he was noted to have bright red blood on rectal exam , but no active bleeding . 
concentrated hydromorphone 20mg / ml was given and then she was transitioned from intravenous to by mouth . 
she presented to hospital3 who r / o myocardial infarction by enzymes and electrocardiogram , computed tomography negative for bleeding , carotid u / s . 
upon arrival to the intensive care unit patient is totally cerebral palsy free . 
electrocardiogram has no evidence of st or t wave changes . 
he was found to have approximately 75 % narrowing of his right carotid artery . 
her electrocardiogram was significant for mild heart attack in the lateral leads and some st depression across the precordial leads which were new compared to her emergency department electrocardiogram . 
to note , his inferior vena cava filter needs to be removed in the future . 
an electrocardiogram was performed which revealed a right bundle branch block and there was concern for anterioseptal st - depression . 
she was initially unresponsive and had low body temperature and after being warmed she was conscious but incoherent . 
patient admitted from emergency department with type b heart artery dissection , uncontrolled high blood pressure and pain . 
she was admitted to the medical intensive care unit and transfused 4u packed red blood cells and 1 pack platelets , with a resolution in bleeding and stabilization of hematocrit ( 16 - > 28 ) . 
a portable chest x-ray was done to confirm endotracheal tube placement . 
cancer : no treatment now , patient has declined treatment in the past . 
he was covered prophylactically with spinal cord heparin and a proton pump inhibitor . 
wound cultures show multidrug resistence , complicated by patients multiple antibiotics allergies . 
should he have any nonsustained ventricular tachycardia or ventricular tachycardia by holter , he should be referred for an intercostal drain . 
a computed tomography was done which showed only a small collection of blood outside of blood vessels and significantly dilated loops of bowel . 
# code : patient was do not resuscitate / dni initially upon admission , however the order was suspended to allow the patient to go to the operating room . 
over several days , he otherwise continued to make clinical improvements with urine enhancement medicine . 
there was no history of recent physical injury or instrumentation . 
patient was recently receiving chemstry drugs therapy whose treatment was halted due to progressive fatigue / weakness . 
he has a history of transient ischemic attack and is on dabbigatran for his atrial fibrillation . 
radiation oncology fellow was called who said that no further imaging is needed urgently and that she will be seen tomorrow morning for probable whole brain radiation . 
heart disease was not suitable to percutaneous coronary intervention and was transferred to hospital1 18 for surgical restoration of perfusion . 
no weakness / numberness of lower extremity ; denied bladder retention or incontinence . 
his right clavicle fracture is not displaced and non operative . 
on review of systems , he has a history of stroke , pulmonary embolism , bleeding with surgery , deep vein blood clot . 
they suggested the use of intravenous ativan might help a patient with speakless and motionless depression . 
patient denies any history of liver disease , blood transfusions , intravenous drug user , or recent travel . 
given her chronic kidney disease , she was unable to get a computed tomography angiography , but her non-contrast helical computerized tomography showed no signs of early stroke and no hemorrhage . 
patient also found to have high grade peripheral artery disease in right common femoral artery , highly calcified plaque with 100 % occlusion after superficial femoral artery , and profunda femoris high grade disease . 
upon arrival the emergency department a chest computed tomography was done which showed a marked distended gallbladder . 
informed to contact primary care provider to follow up results as outpatient . 
she has required hospitalization and steroids in the past , but no intubations . 
her water pill dose was increased and on 8 - 13 , her chest x-ray showed a decreased left effuision . 
over her course , she was treated with albuterol / atrovent metered dose inhaler along with inhaled steroids to target chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . 
his inital u / a had > 50 red blood cells in urine . 
the patient states that he was feeling well prior to the discontinue heartbeat restoring and that subsequently had shortness of breath on exertion as well as shortness of breath at rest . 
seizures resolved with ativan drip and patient was then maintained on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale without complication . 
they were able to open her right lower lobe and right middle lobe , though upon trying to open the right upper lobe  and while at 22 % oxygen concentration an airway fire occurred . 
she continued to make steady progress and was discharged to location house on postoperative day 6 . 
decadron was also thought to be compounding his dilerium and thus his decadron was tapered . 
patient was admitted by her primary care provider after she experienced 7 days of melena and had a positive hemoccult test in office . 
right lower extremity infection : blood origined source of recurrent infection not apparent as blood cultures were negative . 
patient is a year old woman with h / o mitral stenosis , seizures , and decreased hormones level who is transferred from hospital3 after a 10 day stay there . 
community-acquired pneumonia and still on azithromycin presents after noting a blood sugar of 450 at home and developing pain under her right breast . 
she was readmitted again several days later in month 958 w / similar symptoms and again nothing by mouth . 
she does report some sick but did not vomit . 
after he was stablized on oral meds , he was transfered to the floor . 
patient is a 63 year - old woman with diabetes who presented with chest pain and electrocardiogram changes consistent with acs / nstemi . 
one day prior to transfer to hospital1 18 , patient became breathing too fast . 
chest x-ray showed low lung volumes , increased interstitial markings c / w chronic fibrotic changes , and interstitial edema ; an underlying atypical lung infection can not be ruled out . 
once intubated his sedation was lightened so he could undergo a neurological examination . 
her blood therapy was held because of her concerning cerebellar hemorrhage . 
neuro recommended to get electroencephalogram and to consider lumbar puncture . 
transplant surgery consulted in emergency department , plan for intervention before noon . 
however , low suspicion of sprue given high vitamin b12 and folate levels inconsistent with absorbing disorders . 
on the evening of admission , she again experienced pain however 3 sl nitroglycerin did not improve her symptoms . 
blood pressure ' s in the 80 ' s came up to 90 ' s with gentle bolus . 
patient was started on levofloxacin , vanc , flagyl . 
due to the heart movement on his echo he was started on blood clot resistence with warfarin . 
here his initial arterial blood gas demonstrating acute respiratory distress syndrome by p / f ratio of 100 and chest x-ray with b / l lower lobe infiltrates . 
his increase of white blood cell resolved with treatment of urinary tract infection and constipation . 
in the surgical intensive care unit , mean arterial pressure remained in 60s without further boluses . 
initially started on intravenous flagyl / po vanco emperically for possible clostridioides difficile as well as levofloxacin over concern for pneumonia . 
his electrocardiogram was unchanged , but a troponin leak was observed over baseline ( 0 . 35 - 0 . 55 ) with an elevated creatine kinase . 
her nifedipine was increased to nifedipine slow release 90 mg and she was watched on this dose for 24 hours . 
the flow gradually improved with administration of adenosine , diltiazem and nicardipine . 
he had a stress test which showed below and to one side speech therapy changes . 
she was treated with a 7 day course of oral fluconazole . 
azithromycin was stopped and levofloxacin was started on 1 - 28 and should be continued for 10 days . 
respiratory distress : patient was intubated and ventilated in intensive care unit . 
58 year old male with past medical history significatn for hypertension , current tobacco use and peripheral vascular disease who presents to outside hospital emergency room on 10 - 3 with chest pain starting at 9 pm radiating to both arms associated with shortness of breath . 
sudden atrial fibrillation while on telelmetry during this hospital stay . 
family was concerned that she had become sleepy , being unusually slow to answer questions and staring off into space . 
esophagogastroduodenoscopy was performed but not amenable to stent across obstruction . 
his initial chest surgery during this admission revealed an methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus empyema . 
gave fluid bolluses to maintained blood pressure , but eventulally ussed pressors to continue to support blood pressure . 
he did go into rapid abnormal heart rhythm on postoperative days 1 and was bolused with amiodarone and started on oral amiodarone , as well , with conversion to sinus rhythm . 
at this time she was taken to the operating room for replacement of the left external ventricular drain catheter . 
this was thought to be the cause of her temporary loss of consciousness . 
neurologic examination at that time revealed eye balls were blown on both side . 
patient was started on zydis for delusion before intubation . 
88 year old female admitted to hospital1 with above symptoms . 
she was not receiving intravenous medications so a peripherally inserted central catheter line was ordered for the morning for access . 
he had a push enteroscopy to 140cm which was unrevealing , and no active bleeding or arteriovenous malformation were noted . 
she was continued on by mouth proton pump inhibitor which will be continued as an outpatient . 
despite broad antibiotic coverage the infection spread to the tissues surrounding the anus and more superiorly . 
he was placed on a course of zosyn for thick , yellow airway secretions . 
there is an area of t2 hypointensity in the right brain consistent with hemorrhage , with a mild degree of mass effect exerted upon the fourth ventricle which remained midline in position . 
ongoing work - up for possible related rheumatic diseases thus far negative . 
all narcotics were discontinued due to sensitivity to narcotics and tylenol only was used for pain control . 
the patient was ruled out for heart muscle infarction and was given 40 mg of intravenous lasix for presumed congestive heart failure exacerbation . 
she was given intravenous fluids , had a line placed and was started on neo - synephrine with stabilization . 
solumedrol was switched to prednisone on 3 - 29 ; patient should complete a 12 day taper . 
the patient is alright with getting pressors and continuing antibiotics , but did not want an arterial line . 
this afternoon , the patient reported sudden onset of lightheadedness followed by a fall , striking his head but without loss of consciousness . 
switched to by mouth ciprofloxacin to complete a total 3 week course . 
computed tomography angiography was done noting concerns for liver artery narrowing . 
acute pain service was also consulted given his history of long term pain and now with his recent traumatic injury . 
he was treated with vanc , as well as 1 dose of gent . 
# follow up : patient requires computed tomography belly for evaluation of abscesses 1 - 13 septic emboli from endocarditis as outpatient . 
on day of discharge pain was well controlled , incision was clean / dry / intact , hematocrit was stable at 33 , pain was well controlled . 
in addition , she has two open incisional hernias . 
she was given a dose of vancomycin and ceftriaxone in the emergency room for empirical coverage . 
after the propofol was discontinued , the patient began having seizure - like jerking of his extremities . 
she initially presented because she thought she was having dark stools and was concerned for a gastrointestinal bleed which she ' s had in the past . 
by the time emergency medical service arrived , she had become ` ` agitated ' ' and was noted to be vigorously moving all limbs with force . 
gastrointestinal / endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography evaluated the patient and felt that his symptoms were unlikley to be due to cholangitis or biliary obstruction and felt that an endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography was unnecessary . 
operative course was notable for cardiogenic shock which required placement of an intra-aortic balloon pump . 
right hip fracture : patient was admitted to medical intensive care unit after intubation in the emergency department awaiting repair for right hip fracture . 
she was advanced to sips and her total parenteral nutrition was continued . 
she was noted to have pauses with low blood pressure when she converted from atrial fibrillation to sinus rhythm . she was started on amlodipine 100 mg once a day and taken off all nodal agents , including metoprolol . 
patient was offered bilevel positive airway pressure at night for significant desaturations that occured when she was sleeping but was non - compliant . 
blood dynamically stable with minimal bloody bowel movements since second day of admission . 
today , she visited her primary care provider and could barely walk into the office . 
congestive heart failure : patient has not had echo since 11 - 13 , may have had significant decline in ejection fraction given her extended hospitalization and respiratory failure . 
his creatinine continued to rise and he developed anuric kidney failure over the last day of his intensive care unit stay . 
per report , the patient was driving erratically to dinner and once tripped . 
he should discuss with his tumor doctor and / or primary care provider if he should remain on fluconazole on discharge . 
a chest x-ray did not show a pneumothorax and he was transfered here for further evaluation . 
in the past year she has had multiple recorded systolic blood pressure in the 160 - 180s at various outpatient appointments . 
she had a head computed tomography at the outside hospital which revealved both sided subarachnoid hemorrhage . 
his breathing disorders developed at age 20 and is associated with nasal polyposis and aspirin sensitivity . 
proton pump inhibitor was initiated in the medical intensive unit but stopped given very low concern for upper gastrointestinal bleeding . 
he was also started on daily proton pump inhibitor as well as calcium / vit d supplementation . 
emergency room attending did lumbar puncture felt it was not traumatic . 
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography was consulted as well , and stated he is not candidate for endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography ( anatomy not amenable ) ; would need ir - guided drainage of biliary fluid . 
the right lower lobe collapse was thought to be the most likely cause of her new oxygen requirement . 
the patient was referred to the cardiac surgery service on 2195 - 4 - 21 , for an emergency coronary artery bypass graft . 
patient was continued on lasix 80mg once daily and amiloride . 
her c - collar was cleared by the trauma services and she was then transferred to bone specialist . 
she received blood transfusion at the time and had no reoccurrance of bleeding , with a stable hematocrit . 
upon their recommendations , the patient was bolused two liters of normal saline and blood pressure were checked . 
there were no brainstem reflexes and patient de - satted during cessation of breathing test ( see below ) . 
this was complicated by right mainstem intubation revealed on chest x-ray which was then pulled back intro trachea . 
she had belly pain with no fevers or chills and had a regular bowel movement with no blood and no watery stool . 
in past several years , per heart doctor patent lima - lad , with thrombosed svg - om graft . 
according to her husband she has been under a lot of stress with her 15 month old baby and resuming her job . 
her blood dynamics showed posteroanterior pressures of 56 / 35 , wedge of 31 , cardiac output of 3 . 88 and index of 1 . 86 . 
the patient also had blood seeping down trachea from above and moderate weak airway walls . 
on the day of admission he had transient chest tightness that responded to nitroglycerin with no change on his electrocardiogram . 
after discharge , it was noted on her microbiology results that she had 10 , 000 giant papillary conjunctivitis in her urine culture . 
he was also started on gabapentin , titrated to 300mg three times a day . 
patient will have international normalized ratio and liver function tests followed in the inpatient psychiatric unit after discharge . 
she was briefly admitted to the intensive care unit on a bilevel positive airway pressure then non-rebreather mask . 
following surgery he was transferred to the cardiovascular intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition . 
he was seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy . 
on arrival into our intensive care unit the patient was found to be profoundly low body temperature with a core body temperature of 88 degree fahrenheit . 
went to her primary care provider where she was noted to have systolic blood pressure in the 80s , chills , clammy skin . 
the belly incision staples clean , dry intact with no superficial reddening of the skin or edema . 
after the ceftriaxone is discontinued , the patient should be restarted on her amoxicillin prophylaxis . 
she also has extensive bone disease for which she has been on zometa , as well as medical therapy . 
he also developed a allergic reaction on his back , which appeared as abnormal redness of the skin , non - raised target lesions . 
he received several lactated ringer's solution boluses while in the post-anesthesia care unit and had a dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia for pain control . 
she was changed to by mouth pain meds and her calcium values were borderline low so she was started on calcium and vit d . she was able to ambulate and her foley was d / c ' d after which she had not trouble voiding . 
gastrointestinal was consulted who recommended a barium swallow study which showed distal obstruction at the gastroesophageal junction . 
patient was 92 % on room air when seen by emergency medical service and started on 2l nasal cannula . 
also there was a failed attempt to pass the nasogastric tube past her stomach , and it remained in her stomach during the admission . 
she also had 1 day of watery stool , which resolved early last week . 
her coumadin was held in the medical intensive care unit given the guiac positive stools and decreased hematocrit . 
overall , the reason of his low blood pressure and low level blood oxygen was unknown . 
she was seen by physical therapy once thoracolumbosacral orthosis brace arrived and rehab was recommended . 
the large lower pole of the om1 was totally blocked by blood clots . 
her condition of different pupils size is likely secondary to arachnoiditis affecting cranial nerves iii as it follows cranial nerves ii . 
heart imaging demonstrated lvef - 55 % with right ventricle dilation and dysfunction consistent with right ventricle strain secondary to acute lung blood clots . 
cultures were drawn and patient was found to have several bottles growing methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus . 
continuous positive airway pressure was initiated and patient ' s mental status had mild improvement in alertness . 
a third echo was obtained , to specifically look for a shunt ; a ventricular septal perforation was noted on this heart electrical activity detection . 
she tolerated the procedure well , and was extubated , and brought to the recovery room in stable condition . 
he subsequently underwent a large intestine imaging which also showed no source of active bleeding . 
was on single - medication , zestril , as outpatient , though blood pressure control is unknown . 
of note , she was admitted with do not resuscitate / dni status which was reversed for her surgery . 
his congestive heart failure was managed with close fluid status monitoring , heart doctor consultation , and beta blockers . 
he is now s / p prior resection , radiation and undergoing trial with chemotherpay started back in 2201 - 3 - 26 . 
was then transferred to the vascular intermediate care unit for further recovery . 
she awoke with no neuro demage and was extubated without difficulty . 
patient had a high - grade methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus bacteremia from central venous line sepsis , with last positive blood cultures on 9 - 23 . 
the cause of diseases was thought to be due to platelet clumping seen on smear , although clostridioides difficile infection and amiadarone therapy could not be ruled out . 
she had two intensive care unit transfers while here given her tendancy to drop her oxygen saturation to the 70s on a non-rebreather mask mask with stable blood pressure . 
interventional radiology recommended computed tomography angiography abdomen which showed colonic diverticula but no active bleeding . 
suspected due to nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug use , but its endoscopic appearance on esophagogastroduodenoscopy was also worrisome for malignancy so patient will need close f / u after acute therapy to re - esophagogastroduodenoscopy him . 
no vitamin k was given secondary to the patient ' s blood clot prevention needs . 
however , she was restarted sequentially on her home amlodipine , metoprolol , hctz , and lisinopril . 
official catheter report from hospital1 18 pending at the time of this note , but patient had successful stenting of her vein graft with basal metabolic rate x3 . 
initally , liver function tests and synthetic function peaked and n-acetyl cysteine was temporarily discontinued but restarted when liver function tests continued to peak . 
the headache was thought to be triggered by pt not following instruction after lumbar puncture , such as bed - rest and high pressure overnight ( up to 220s systolic blood pressure . 
his foley was d / c ' d on 11 - 18 and he was without blood in urine . 
post catheter , the patient was maintained on aspirin , plavix , lipitor , angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor and metoprolol . 
he recievbed 2 doses of pip / tazo and 1 dose of vanco . 
two jackson-pratt drains were placed , one at the hilum and one posterior to the liver . 
patient was transferred from outside hospital floor to intensive care unit after developed low oxygen level in blood w / worsening both side ' s infiltrates on chest x-ray . 
he noticed that his belly has become increasingly distended , and his family noticed that his eyes were becoming increasingly yellow . 
postoperative day number one , the patient was weaned off of his dobutamine completely . 
this was attributed to effect of medication , and specifically his benzodiazepenes , codeine , and guiafenisen along with scolpamine patch were stopped . 
the patient remained stable in blood dynamics throughout hospital course and was mentating well . 
international normalized ratio should be closely monitored and coumadin adjusted to the target range , and patient should be continued at the facility . 
yesterday the patient ' s daughter thought he had fever and urged him to go to the emergency department , but he again refused . 
in the medical intensive care unit a noncontrast computed tomography spine was obtained and was concerning for new fracture above the level of instrumentation . 
anesthesia was called for elective intubation , however patient quickly became stable in blood dynamics . 
the patient was admitted to the transplant surgery service . 
kidney and heart examination were consulted who both felt that her continued increase in creatinine was likely secondary to over diuresis . 
hypertension thought to be secondary to chronic volume overload and significant vessel non - compliance . 
her diminished mental status was felt likely related to brain bleeding ( subarachnoid hemorrhage and a small intracranial hemorrhage ) . 
patient then noted after administration of nitro to become unresponsive for 30 seconds . 
heparin was started for blood clots prevention and coumadin was titrated as international normalized ratio was slow to increase to goal international normalized ratio for mechanical mitral valve . 
he received vanc and zosyn empirically and was transferred to hospital1 18 for further care . 
he was stable in blood dynamics and his watery stool was thought to be secondary to 5 - fu . 
his antigen increased to 21 , with a glucose of 300 , and he was transferred to the hospital . 
the patient was transfused 2 units of blood in the medical intensive care unit and hematocrit increased appropriately . 
a rectal tube was placed resulting in a large bowel movement and a decrease in his abdominal distention . 
she will need followup of international normalized ratio with cessation of lovenox once her international normalized ratio is cured . 
given his severe peripheral vascular disease , vascular insufficiency was also a potential cause of the pain , superficial reddening of the skin , and ulcer formation . 
she underwent heart vessels catheterization and a blood flow restoration surgery with stent placement of the circumflex artery on 2168 - 12 - 30 . 
he was continued on ancef and levo , which was started in the emergency room . 
he was placed on a insulin drip for managment of his diabetes as he was nothing by mouth . 
the patient's urine output was also decreased during this time for which he was bolused with crystalloid and transfused with hespan . 
plan for magnetic resonance imaging without contrast given kidney failure , which was initiated but pt unable to tolerate due to agitation . 
this suggested possible embolic source either from heart or from the veins in legs travelling as paradoxical emboli through a patent foramen ovale or emboli from large vessels . 
however , it was likely worsened by insulin non - adherence as patient became more sleepy over the course of the week prior to admission . 
positive for amphetamines , ethanol and cannibus ; patient was also with in car with his brother - in - law ( also transferred in ) likewise impaired . 
he weaned from bypass in stable condition with the balloon pump in place . 
came to emergency department today because granddaughter called his cardiologist who recommended evaluation . 
patient did well s / p trach and was able to tolerate t - piece without ventilator support . 
it was felt that she was probably experiencing an acute reaction to stress which should improve with time . 
overnight , he had no issues with the exception of difficult pain control despite being on a dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia . 
he was given a proton pump inhibitor for gastrointestinal prophylaxis and a bowel regimen for prevention of tough bowel movements . 
no need for blood x - ray or intervention at this time . 
the patient reports an ongoing cough productive of yellow phlegm for the past two months , but denies any coughing up of blood or recent worsening of this cough . 
during the admission , she was clinically thought to have a vaginal / sigmoid fistula , although this was not demonstrated on computed tomography scan . 
he had elevated troponin without elevated creatine kinase which was felt to be due to demand vs . prior event . 
he was instructed how to care for his drain and will have visiting nursing association at home for further teaching . 
had one drink plus one shot of alcohol , afterwards developed shortness of breath and left arm numbness . 
right upper quadrant ultrasound showed gallbladder wall thickening but no stones in gallbladder or bile ducts , no common bile duct dilation , and question of inside liver bile duct expansion . 
some red dots on skin was noticed on the lower portion of his midline incision and ancef was continued . 
of note , last month he had b / l groin repair which was uncomplicated . 
he was given 6 liters of intravenous fluids and transiently started on dopamine for a systolic blood pressure in the 80 . s 
chest x-ray was clear , computed tomography abd / pelvis showed no acute abdominal process ( wet read ) , but ground - glass is lack of transparency at the lung bases . 
on final read of initial chest imaging and medical intensive care unit review lungs infection was felt less likely . 
she was on vancomycin at that time but sister did not think patient was administering it appropriately . 
the patient also has a graft in the left upper extremity which has clotted multiple times . 
68 year - old male with recently diagnosed hypertension and liver mass admitted for blood dynamics monitoring from membrane bleed after liver biopsy . 
her lack of enough healthy red blood cells was improving without additional transfusions by the time of discharge . 
# followup - chest x-ray should be obtained 6 weeks after discharge regarding resolving infx . 
magnetic resonance imaging was obtained revealing a contrast enhancing mass in the brain tissue . 
he received insulin training prior to discharge and will have visiting nursing association at home for furhter training . 
the belly computed tomography was normal , chest computed tomography showed both side lung infection , mediastinal nodes , rt . 
he did experience chest discomfort during admission that reponded to nitroglycerin , and repeat heart biomarkers were again negative . 
he was then referred to radiology for placement of gallbladder drainage through the skin . 
she was given an extra dose of depakote during the hospital and the level at discharge was therapeutic at 57 . 
she was volume revived with normal saline and electrolytes were repleted as necessary . 
will have patient obtain a repeat echo in 2 weeks with his outpatient heart doctor to assess for improvement in left ventricular ejection fraction . 
the patient was additionally found during his stay to have frequent pollution of his sacral bad sores with feces . 
as acute chest syndrome and pulmonary embolism were ruled out , bb , statin , heparin were discontinued . 
fen - nutrition he was closely monitered and underwent swallow test . . rehab he was seen by occupational therapy / pt who felt that the patient needed rehab . 
patient was in ventricular fibrillation arrest and was coded , shocked 7 times , intubated and transferred here for urgent heart catheterization . 
remained with reduced muscle tone at both side of lower extremities throughout hospitalization . 
right upper quadrant u / s showed a liver hardness and fluid accumulates in the abdomen , but without evidence of infection of the gallbladder or paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia . 
most of his staples were removed at the time of discharge but a few were left in . 
his evaluation revealed a large frontal scalp laceration with multiple facial fractures , a left collapsed lung with rib fractures , and a c7 fracture . 
he complains of generalized weakness and some fatigue with only minimal ability to walk . 
he received 10 mg vitamin k and protonix in the emergency department . 
in the emergency department nasogastric tube was placed which initially had bright red blood bu then lavaged clear , however pt continued to have bright red blood from nasogastric tube . 
due to the increase of monocytes circulating in the blood on complete blood count differential a bone marrow biopsy was obtained to rule out cancer . 
patient was breathing stably and stated on octretide ad midodrine for liver and kidney syndrome . 
emergency medical service found her unresponsive and brought her to the emergency department . 
abdomen u / s negative , chest x-ray revealed some water on the right side lung . 
the patient was restarted on coumadin , however , given his past medical history , he may not be a candidate for coumadin therapy . 
underwent urgent surgery . intravenous heparization began in the emergency room . 
he failed and actually had a paradoxical reaction to breath in steroids and has been prednisone dependent for 10 years . 
she had an internal jugular line placed and code sepsis intitiated . 
patient was taken to the operating room where he underwent heart bypass surgery to three vessels . 
despite bag ventilation , o2 saturation drops and intubation is attempted . 
he returned to the floor , and had two additional episodes of ventricular tachycardia the following day . 
later in the morning was more oriented , and noted to be primarily angry and doubtful of his diagnosis . 
after a one day stay in the coronary care unit where she was diuresed and weaned of bilaterally equal to a 70 % facemask , she was transferred back to the floor on 10 - 30 . 
the patient received a stent to the om - 2 and the patient was transferred to the critical care unit for further observation . 
gram negative rod in urine on recent admission , found to be pansensitive ( except to tmp / smx ) k . lung infection . 
all these lab abnormalities downtrended by discharge , at which point he felt totally well . 
81 male with hypertension , dl and dementia presents with low blood pressure and atrioventricular nodal reentry tachycardia . 
tox screen was also positive for cocaine , trichloroacetic acid and acetaminophen . 
blood cultures grew both klebsiella and enterococcus ( two species including vancomycin-resistant enterococcus ) . 
she began walking with physical therapy and by postoperative days # 5 she was able to climb a flight of stairs without difficulty and was cleared for discharge to home . 
the case was complicated by low blood pressure and slow heart rate severe enough to require dopamine infusion . 
with aggressive lungs cleaning , nebs , chest physical therapy his oxygen requirements improved on 3l nasal cannula with oxygen saturations of 96 - 98 % . 
however , it was restarted after his waste product from muscles had trended down with no rebound elevation of the waste product from muscles . 
slight concern for adrenal insufficiency in setting of high doses of intravenous steroids . 
his thoughts of self-harm was slighlty elevated but there was concern over med complicane so his prior dose was resumed . 
68 - year - old male with history of hypertension who presented to hospital3 hospital on 6 - 3 with substernal chest pain and shortness of breath . 
however , once his gastrointestinal bleed continued and he was still not able to breathe , his mother made the decision to make him comfort care . 
persistant mild to moderate intra and extra expansion of liver and gallblader duct was also seen . 
she received three days of antibiotic therapy ( one of vancomycin , two of levofloxacin ) for this procedure . 
she was initially evaluated in an outside hospital where she was found to have injury of breathing muscles and was transferred to hospital1 69 for further work - up . 
patient will have visiting nursing association to follow and do wound dressing changes daily . 
the patient was started on metoptolol and lisinopril prior to discharge . 
he was kept nothing by mouth , given intravenous fluids ; serial hematocrits and abdominal exams were followed closely . 
an low-density lipoprotein level returned elevated at 110 , for which she was initiated on simvastatin at a low dose . 
patient did not have significant elevation of liver enzymes , but continued to have incr . 
59 yearo old female paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria hypertension , peptic ulcer disease and left subclavian artery narrowing ? 
the patient was extubated to bilaterally equal following her bronchoscopy . 
his rate was eventually controlled and the diltiazem drip was stopped . 
the patient was maintained on the ventilator and was given urine promotion medicine as well as antibiotics with limited clinical improvement . 
his coronary blood vessel imaging showed no significant coronary artery disease and he was electively admitted for mitral valve repair or replacement . 
in emergency department , had a chest x-ray read as excess fluid in the lungs vs . liquids . 
neurology was again re - consulted due to the left upper extremity weakness and the patient not waking up after being off sedation . 
911 was activated and emergency medical service returned to the house . 
she underwent heart drain placement to decrease liquids in the brain , but continued to have limited brainstem reflexes . 
no loss of consciousness , single episode bloody vomit on the way to hospital1 18 . 
he was transferred to the floor on postoperative days # 2 and his epicardial pacing wires were discontinued on postoperative days # 3 . 
prothrombin time recommended he have acute prothrombin time as an outpatient . 
he then had mild guiac negative stool and oozing from arterial line site . 
the right sided external ventricular drain was removed after placment of a left frontal external ventricular drain . 
on postoperative day one , aspirin , beta blockade and a statin were resumed . 
she was started on mass transfusion protocol as well as levophed improving her blood pressure to 120s . 
heart doctor was consulted and recommended heart cath as outpatient once acute issues resolved . 
after evaluation in the emergency department , patient was taken urgently to the operating room for removal of dead skin tissue , foreign body removal and packing of the open wound . 
head computed tomography was negative in setting of trauma and supratherapeutic international normalized ratio . 
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography fellow called to floor at 930am for frequent loose bowel movement which appeared to be abnormally dark . 
chest x-ray showed no evidence to suggest lung infection or aspiration . 
patient was initially treated with cefepime and vancomycin , renally dosed . 
she presented with upper gastrointestinal bleed , lung infection , sepsis . 
patient was treated conservative with fluid hydration , and monitored closely on the rising aspirin level . 
recent computed tomography scan revealed an increasing artery tumor from 6 . 7 to 7 . 8 involving the distal ascending and main artery bending . 
the patient had a creatine phosphokinase of 91 with a troponin of 0 . 05 . 
a repeat ultrasound of the right arm deep venous blood clot showed that it was a open clot . 
at catheter they first engaged the left and found left circumflex artery with 80 % mid lestion . 
ultrasound performed with evidence of fluid collection along course of atrioventricular graft . transesophageal echocardiogram attempted but had to be aborted due to gagging . 
blood cultures , urine cultures , and chest x-ray were negative . 
this is an 80 year old man on coumadin for a - fib who presented to outside hospital after a seizure . 
admitted for intravenous albumin , antibiotics for possible right upper lobe pneumonia seen on chest x-ray , and fluid optimization . 
emergency medical service was called and the patient was found to be showing bluish discoloration of the skin and breathing pause at arrival . 
patient returned to hospital1 18 for same day admission following his catheter and discharge 1 week earlier . 
she remained not feverish and her blood pressure was well controlled . 
catherization complicated by global heart attack , slow heart rate requring atropine and hypotension requiring dopamine . 
he was subsequently weaned off his nicardipine drip after the re - initiation of his home medicine for high blood pressure . 
from the negative trauma work - up , it is probably safe to say the cause of his loss of consciousness was biological rather than mechanical . 
a family meeting was held to let them know of the results , and they had further discussion with new england organ bank regarding organ donation , which they agreed to . 
patient admitted to hospital1 18 and underwent a heart catheter which revealed left main coronary artery and 2 vessel disease . 
electrocardiogram was remarkable for v5 , v4 heart attack . 
extubated that evening and transferred to the floor on postoperative days # 1 to begin increasing his activity level . 
in addition , human immunodeficiency virus and quantitative immunoglobulin g were checked to rule out immunocompromisedstated . 
# acute lacking red blood cells caused by blood loss : patient had significant estimated blood loss during his surgery . 
he was given aspirin , atropine and fluids , his heart rate increased to 80 and his electrocardiogram normalized . 
he was given etomidate and rocuronium pre - intubation and placed on propofol glucose tolerance test . 
the next morning the patient still was not having bowel movements . 
chest x-ray near the time of discharge revealed resolved aspiration lung infection . 
peripherally inserted central catheter blood clots : patient received left peripherally inserted central catheter line on 2111 - 9 - 19 for parenteral antibiotics due to his blood disease . 
no artery tumors , masses or blood clots were seen in the left ventricle . 
she also had shortness of breath during admission , with evidence of blood diseases , and was found to have both sides chest membrane effusions and mild accumulation of liquids in lungs . 
this is a 34 year old right handed man with a history of hypertension who was transferred from an outside hospital with left mucinous cystadenomamiddle cerebral artery stroke . 
he was brought to hospital3 36606 hospital where he was noted to resist suctioning of his endotracheal tube , but was otherwise unresponsive . 
he was transferred to the medical intensive care unit and chest tube was placed for bleeding left lung ; the patient was subsequently sent to the trauma intensive care unit for further care . 
she was started on electroencephalogram to evaluate for seizures . 
blood diseases likely related to volume depletion and lack of access to free water . 
the patient was maintained on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale with valium . 
beta blockers and urine promotion medicine were started and he was gently lightened towards his pre - op weight . 
he got up and took some tums with an improvement in these symptoms . 
in the emergency department , initial vital signs notable for low blood pressure to 80s . 
he will need his liver function tests followed as an outpatient . 
she has continued to have chest discomfort several times a week and was seen by heart doctors today . 
she presented to the emergency department where she underwent an esophagogastroduodenoscopy which revealed portal stomach diseases and severe infection of the esophagus but no active bleeding . 
he had similar abnormal heartbeat 6 months after his myocardial infarction / cath in 2146 , that resolved spontaneously . 
she reported that she had been on an alcohol binge for several days , last drink was 3 days prior . 
he received intravenous fluid boluses as needed at keep systolic blood pressure > 90 . . 
he was weaned to nose intubation however his hospital course was complicated by frequent episodes of respiratory distress and lack of oxygen . 
her condition of watery stool is described as soft but not watery . 
of note , he has had on and off arm pain that was non - exertional over the past 3 days . 
he has a chads2 score of 2 and so would indicate blood clots prevention with coumadin if safe after his repeat esophagogastroduodenoscopy in mid - month 958 . . 
it was also mentioned to him to ask his gastrointestinal doctor at his f / u visit if he needed a pill endoscopy . 
once mental status improved , patient left american medical association , alcohol profile pending on discharge . 
she was discharged home with visiting nursing association services and the appropriate follow - up appointments . 
computed tomography scan of the head confirmed an infarct in the left main coronary artery territory likely due to abnormal heartbeat . 
echo with preserved global and regional biventricular systolic function ( ejection fraction > 55 % ) . 
patient completed a 14 day course of vancomycin for methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus airway infection . 
he received a diagnostic paracentesis which did not reveal spontaneous bacterial peritonitis . 
suspect that much of her presentation now is attributable almost entirely to alcoholic liver infection . 
at the time of discharge her international normalized ratio was 5 . 7 and she was recieving no coumadin . 
he states that he has a history of atrial fibrillation , but he does not take any medication for it . 
computed tomography angiography of the chest showed no clots , but was consistent with accumulation of liquids in lungs . 
patients white count and fevers decreased and he was not feverish at discharge . 
initially she was on a dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia for pain control . 
the patient ' s code status was full code during this admission . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , she was sleepy but awakens to sternal rub is alert and oriented . 
prior to this admission , he was admitted two weeks prior with angina and ruled in for a non-st-elevation myocardial infarction . 
at time of admission , he was complaining of increasing fatigue . 
the patient ' s heart doctors will monitor his international normalized ratio on discharge . 
heart failure was thought likely secondary to rhesus factor strain but not to acute coronary syndrome . 
he continues to have significant sensation of sleepy and weight loss and will follow - up with his gastrointestinal doctor . 
she was transitioned to spinal cord insulin once the gap was closed . 
patient had 12 mm of midline shift with a 30 mm collection of blood outside the brain which was of long standind in appearance . 
given the patients history of liver stiffness and liver disease the liver medical service was consulted who performed an esophagogastroduodenoscopy and found grade 3 bleeding enlarged veins in the esophagus . 
he will complete a 14 day course of vancomycin with hemodialysis dosing . 
as she was not a tissue plasminogen activator candidate given timing of presentation , the patient was taken to the interventional radiology suite . 
surgery was consulted who felt that the patient did not have acute infection of the gallbladder and that his right upper quadrant tenderness and liver function tests abnormalities were most likely due to transient passage of a stone . 
patient is refusing intubation but according to her health care provider she is a full code . 
she had no further of episodes of bleeding with a stable hematocrit and was deemed stable for discharge home . 
she is being called out to the medical floor for further management of presumed gastrointestinal bleed , blood diseases and etoh liver cliffness . 
creatinine 2 . 9 on admission , which is below previous baseline , but trended up slightly . 
plays golf regularly and on average uses 1 sl nitro every 3 - 4 days which alleviates his heart pain . 
we controlled pt ' s pain with oxycodone 2 . 5mg every 4 hours as necessary and acetaminophen 650mg every 6 hours as necessary . 
pts international normalized ratio elevated on admission , likely from interaction of coumadin and one of her antibiotics or other new meds . 
the bloody bowel movements were not preceded by worsening condition of watery stool or other symptoms suggestive of an ulcerative colitis exacerbation . 
magnetic resonance imaging was done to r / o cord compression vs collection of pus inside head and was normal . 
at the time of discharge , the patient ' s blood pressure remained stable with systolic pressures in the 110s - 130s . 
as she also presented with increase of white blood cell , there was concern over localized abscess . 
a digestive system disease was noted and plans were made to readdress with surgery in a month . 
the patient had accumulation of liquids on both lung after surgery and had chest tubes placed on both lung . 
chest x-ray 2110 - 1 - 11 showed worsening airspace opacities in the right middle lobe and left lower lobe with worsening accumulation of liquids on lungs . 
patient will need to have pulmonary function tests checked as an outpatient . 
she was seen and evaluated by physical therapy and occupational therapy who felt that she was stable to go home with physical therapy and / or occupational therapy services . 
this study revealed mild inflammatory stranding of the terminal portion of the large intestine which was suggestive of diverticulitis . 
he reports having chronic pain that is managed by long acting morphine 15 mg up to 4 times per day and a fentanyl patch 75 mcg . 
normal digits and creases and age - appropriate and symmetric tone and reflexes . 
she became low blood pressure to 90 systolic which responded to intravenous fluid boluses up to 110 systolic . 
by the time of discharge on postoperative days 5 the patient was ambulating freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral pain killer . 
pathology and computed tomography imaging was sent from hospital3 for further interpretation . 
foley d / c ' d , diet well tolerated and pain well controlled . 
shoulder pain : the patient complained of left shoulder pain with a restricted passive and active range of motion consistent with adhesive ligaments infection . 
8 ) impaired clot formation : pt has poor synthetic liver function and he was given fresh frozen plasma for procedures . 
his febun was 46 % and fena was 1 % making a prerenal pictures less likely . 
spine surgery was consulted and performed a mediastinum examination for which the sampled lymph nodes were negative for cancer . 
he was given medical device for kidney protection from contrast . 
a obstructive lung disease flair was thought unlikely as she was not wheezing . 
he also had 3 - 4 episodes of several minutes of horizontal double vision . 
most likely due to blood loss in setting of sepsis . 
the suprarenal component of his artery tumor was stable without any change in size over a significant period of time with monitoring . 
patient was initially taken emergently to brain biopsy , and was admitted to the intensive care unit , where concern was for parasite infection vs . central nervous system lymphatic cancer . 
his course was complicated by repeated exacerbations of worsening pneumonia , and excess fluid in the lungs . 
he will follow - up with bone doctor spine clinic on dishcharge . 
he was admitted to the trauma service for further evaluation and treatment of these injuries . 
he was taken here for evaluation and head computed tomography revealed an brain bleed . 
initial whole blood care unit for treatment of low blood sugar . 
patient transfused one unit of packed red blood cells on 6 - 26 with good blood test response . 
patient had one episode of vomiting blood after esophagogastroduodenoscopy but stayed stable in blood supply . 
she was given ten units of insulin and started on an insulin drip . 
he will follow up with his tumor doctor team regarding further treatment . 
he was transferred to the intensive care unit in critical but stable condition . 
belly incision appeared pink at staple insertion sites on right side where he also had some swelling and pain to touch . 
esophagogastroduodenoscopy revealed multiple non - bleeding erosions in antrum , non - bleeding ulcer in stomach . 
37 year - old man transferred from outside hospital after being struck by car while intoxicated with alcohol and traveling on a bicycle . 
in the emergency department , the patient reported chest pain only with cough . 
on sunday she reports worsening in her symptoms and shortness of breath , dyspnea on exertion , air hunger , fever and / or chills and sweats . 
she was started on quetiapine initially for suspected icu - related disturbance in mental abilities . 
the patient also was given intravenous acyclovir prior to presentation to hospital1 18 in case the patient ' s clinical picture represented epstein barr virus brain infection . 
he went to his regularly scheduled lung doctor follow up appointment today , where he was found to be hypoxic to 75 % on 4lnc after walking in from the car . 
stroke thought secondary to atrial fibrillation , not on coumadin . 
computed tomography scans of head were done which just showed age related volume loss but no acute abnormalities . 
an nasogastric tube and rectal drain were placed during the operation . 
the patient was transferred to the special care floor for further recovery . 
the patient is a 77 year old female with a history of coronary artery disease s / p coronary artery bypass graft , insulin dependent diabetes , high blood pressure , high blood fat and difficulty in swallowing [UNK] [UNK] ho presents with an episode of right sided chest pain . 
by post - operative day # 5 , patient was alert and oriented and back to baseline mental status . 
he maintained a normal heart rhythm without atrial or ventricular abnormal heart rhythm . 
he carries a diagnosis of urothelial cancer , which reportedly had been causing an obstructed left ureter . 
following the medication , he was able to be aroused and have conversations , but was sleepy . 
she is admitted to the medical intensive care unit for further evaluation of her abnormal heart rhythm with rapid ventricular rate and shortness of breath . 
he reports 2 - 14 lifetime episodes , each time a / w chest pressure and shortness of breath , which started a few months ago while at a rehab facility . 
this gastrointestinal process would explain the elevated lactate and subsequent low blood pressure from septic shock , though the pattern is strange and does not coincide with an restriction in blood supply pattern or any particular disease process . 
within 24 hours , he awoke with no damage to nervous system and was removed ventilator without incident . 
69 y / o male with h / o abnormal heart rhythm , narrow heart artery valve , and coronary artery disease who is now having increased symptoms of shortness of breath on exertion . 
the circumflex was large with a tubular 70 % stenosis of mid vessel and a long 70 - 80 % stenosis before the left patent ductus arteriosus . 
later on operation day he was weaned from sedation , awoke with no damage to nervous system and removed ventilator . 
notably patient is fever to 102 . 6 , has an elevated white blood cell count , has a palpable gallbladder , and appears to be suffering from frank sepsis . 
sputum revealed moderate growth of microorganisms flora in mouth ; no microorganism were isolated . 
45 year - old male with unknown medical history found down , slumped over against a building . 
patient is a 32 year old woman with inflammatory bowel disease on cyclosporine who developed a headache six days ago , and now presents today with bizarre behaviors according to her mom . 
lights , noise , and head movement intensify the discomfort , as does exertion ( eg coughing and sneezing ) . 
in the intensive care unit , cyclosporin levels were checked every morning and cyclosporin was reused if level < 100 as per one marrow transplantation records . 
per outside hospital report , tox screen was positive for opiates . 
this was not further evaluation on this hospitalization given the patients emergent illness . 
no new areas of less dense than normal seen with slightly enlarged leftward shift . 
she has known bone disease and will follow - up with her primary care provider for this problem . 
her chest discomfort has been easily seen to her for the past two years , but currently is occurring on a daily basis . 
he admitted to shortness of breath while in the erectile dysfunction , denied any belly pain , sick , vomiting , or watery stool . 
given cocaine use , could also consider heart attack with heart shock . 
lungs and under skin chest tubes to suction w / blood liquid drainage . 
an magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance angiography showed brain bleeding in the brain tissue with decreased flare in the left internal carotid artery . 
outpatient ultrasound diagnosis is recommended as outpatient for further workup . 
evaluated by neuro surgent and bone injuries , internal brain blooding and fractures deemed non - operable . 
she was tolerating by mouth without difficulty and placed back on all of her home medicine . 
on transfer to the floor her insulin was changed to 30u insulin pen every night at bedtime to avoid low blood sugar . 
this is a 74 year - old man who presented to hospital6 3872 with increased difficulty in breathing on exertion and worsening exertional chest pain since one month . 
ear, nose, and throat did not think this was operable and wanted to initiate radiation to help shrink the tumor and airway block . 
the patient initially was placed on vanco and / or cefepime for possible blood diseases ( lactate up to 3 . 4 on 2145 - 1 - 17 ) . 
this is a patient with multiple medical problems who has been followed by the foot recovery service for a nonhealing right fifth toe ulceration which has been refractory to conservative treatment for over the last 6 weeks . 
she was subsequently stabilized , and transferred back to the no surgery needed floor for continued management . 
the patient was made comfortable and she expired several hours later . 
we ordered a kidneys , ureters , and bladder x-ray to evaluate for obstruction , given the length of diffuculty in defecating . 
we started him on combination antibiotic daily for pneumocystis pneumonia prophylaxis given his cluster of differentiation 4 count of 55 . 
she returned to her baseline state for roughly one week when she awoke with crampy lower belly pain . 
she is currently complainign of pain in the implicit vein graft cleaning site . 
after extensive discussion with family , the decision to defer coronary artery bypass graft was made based on high risk of peri - operative mortality . 
he was recently diagnosed with heart diseases and enlargement of the aorta on heart electrical activity detection in 2104 - 5 - 22 . 
several blooding prevention pads were applied with poor control of bleeding . 
this is a 63 - year - old female hospitalized at an outside hospital on 5 - 1 with several coughing and spitting sputum . 
she was on max dopa and painkiller added for support . 
with patient living alone at home and legally blind , personal cleanliness and medication compliance are issues . 
the patient underwent a breathing examination on 10 - 14 , which showed 40 % anterior movement of the posterior airway wall during breathing , as well as almost complete obstruction of the left and right main bronchi during breathing . 
spent the night on continuous positive airway pressure room air and satting 98 % . 
there was a possible small abnormal connection between two hollow spaces from the right coronary artery and left main to pulmonary artery or lung membrane . 
she underwent computed tomography abdomen and / or belly which revealed no evidence of retroperitoneal internal blooding . 
he received cefepime 2gm , vancomycin 1gm , furosemide 100mg intravenous once , aspirin 325mg by mouth once . 
he was removed from ventilator within 2 hours of arrival to cardiovascular intensive care unit with pain control an issue post operatively . 
she had a urinary drainage tube , right chest tube , jackson-pratt drain and an nasogastric to suction . 
he was operated a procedure that restores a normal heart rhythm during admission and aggressively weak in the coronary care unit . 
he has been on coumadin for one month since last deep vein thrombosis . 
this is a 67 year old female s / p rollover motor vehicle crash the patient was a restrained driver . 
she was instructed to weigh herself daily and report > 3 lb weight gain to her doctor . 
patient chest membrane was initially held until it was shown his hematocrit were stable . 
she was given 2mg intravenous ativan and used ventilator for airway protection . 
there was considerable change in measurements - an arterial line was attempted for invasive monitoring without success . 
the patient has been worked up with an magnetic resonance imaging scan that shows the tight posterior fossa with inferior displacement of parts of the cerebellum to the level of c1 . 
recommend increasing atenolol dose if patient becomes high blood pressure above goal blood pressure after discharge . 
an bone joint surgery was performed to patient showing high white blood cell count and cultures grew out giant papillary conjunctivitis . 
as these gastroesophageal reflux disease type symptoms seem to be occurring with more frequency , he sought consultation with his primary physician who started him on aspirin , atenolol and omeprazole . 
heart catheter revealed severe 3 vascular disease with preserved ejection fraction . 
h / o pneumonia : while in surgical intensive care unit , patient used ventilator and sputum cervix grew coag + staph aureas and e . coli ( pan sensitive ) . 
gastrointestinal was notified and he was sent to the mobile intensive care unit for further care . 
as volume was added , the patient was kept on phenylephrine to keep systolic blood pressure > 85 . 
his labs were noteable for creatinine of 1 . 5 , sodium of 132 , white blood cell of 12 . 9 . 
her white blood cell did trend down , and she remained not feverish and stable . 
she received bicarb and / or mucomyst pretreatment for catheter and the angiotensin-converting enzyme was held . 
the family and healthcare professional did not want any further interventions , so the patient was made do not resuscitate and / or do not intubate and comfort measures only . 
in the emergency department , the patient arrived abnormally rapid breathing to the 40s , using her accessory muscles , and saturating in the 80s . 
each day , 125 mg of solu - medrol intravenously times one and 6 units of regular subcutaneous insulin . 
patient and donor are cytomegalovirus negative and a positive . 
of note , wife is very angry about the fact that patient was released to home from gastrointestinal procedure suite today . 
another esophagogastroduodenoscopy was performed hd7 where a bipolar circumactive probe probe was applied to the bleeding portion of the lesion with cessation of the bleeding . 
he went to the emergency department and was deemed low risk for injury and was discharged home . 
she was scheduled for outpatient magnetic resonance venography to evaluate for access for future chemo sessions and will likely need chest port . 
of note , there was no evidence of focal and segmental glomerulosclerosis which would be present in the setting of human immunodeficiency virus nephropathy , nor was there any evidence of high blood pressure nephropathy and thus angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors were not initiated . 
treatment was initiated with antibiotics ( ceftriaxone , levoquin ) for pneumonia , and steroids for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flare . 
he developed chest pain on postoperative days # 1 and cardiac enzymes were positive . 
79 year old man with extensive cardiac and surgical history who is transfered from outside hospital for chest pain . 
on postoperative days five he was also noted to have a small amount of drainage from the lower most pole of his chest incision . 
she had a brief period of supraventricular tachycardia and / or flutter and lasix 20 mg intravenous was repeated - > excessive production of urine 1300 cc ' s in total . 
transesophageal echocardiogram showed ebsteins anomaly with markedly dilated right atrium and / or right ventricle with focal right ventricle abnormal decrease in muscular movement , severe tricuspid regurgitation , small left ventricle with focal inferior abnormal decrease in muscular movement with ejection fraction > 60 % , trace mitral regurgitation  , no aortic insufficiency . 
her echo showed mild basal inferolateral abnormal decrease in muscular movement with ejection fraction > 55 % . 
longstanding left foot ulcer with recent imaging at outside hospital showing infection of bone per reports . 
in the emergency department , the patient had abnormally rapid heart rate , lack of oxygen on room air on arrival . 
per her report she was reccently started on a new medication for her myasthenia gravis ( mestinon 30 myasthenia gravis four times each day ) earlier in the week . 
he has had chest pain since his catheterization in 2168 about once a month w / exertion but notes that it resolves quickly w / rest . 
52 year old man with known coronary artery disease s / p inferior myocardial infarction ( 2089 ) and stenting in 2090 and 2096 . 
postoperative days 1 found the patient away from ventilator , alert and oriented and breathing comfortably . 
she was ordered for 2 units packed red blood cells ( not given due to difficult crossmatch ) , crossmatched 4 units . 
cultures were sent , and urinalysis was suggestive of urinary tract infection . 
postoperative hematocrit was low and she was transfused packed red blood cells with good effect . 
echo was performed that demonstrated mildly dilated left atrium , left ventricle systolic function moderately depressed w / an abnormal decrease in muscular movement if the entire septum and inferior wall , and 1 + mr . 
on post - operative day 4 a computed tomography scan revealed worsening effusion and the patient again was taken for video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery with evacuation of blood inside chest . 
he was recently noted to have a rise of his carcinoembryonic antigen and on 2184 - 6 - 4 underwent a computed tomography scan of the abdomen and pelvis which demonstrated metastatic disease in segments 4 and 5 of the liver . 
later that day she had elevation of intracranial pressure to 30s it was decided to bring her to the operating room for a right temporal clot evacuation with brain surgery . 
a computed tomography angiography of the neck was completed which showed no significant carotid artery narrow . 
he had persistent secretions and was given guaifenesin w / codeine on a as necessary basis as a mucus dissolving . 
an epidural and patient-controlled analgesia were provided for pain control . 
chest x-ray showed poor inflation of the lungs with enlarged heart borders consistent with her pericardial efussion . 
84 m russian speaking , h / o coronary artery disease ( s / p right coronary artery and left anterior descending stenting 2186 ) , type 2 diabetes , hypertension , chronic kidney disease , h / o recurrent aspiration pneumonia , who presents with acute onset of shortness of breath from nursing home . 
she was evaluated by the heart doctor fellow who transfered her from outside hospital to here to be cathed . 
liver failure - patient with hepatitis c virus cirrhosis , progressive metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma , and portal vein thrombosis . 
given concern for a pancreatic cancer , ampulla , or common bile duct , or porta hepatis nodes causing occasional biliary obstruction , she was admitted to an outside hospital 3 - 31 for further w / u . 
she was admitted to the mobile intensive care unit for a reduced amount of blood flow in the setting of bradycardia with concern for cardiogenic low blood pressure or evolving sepsis . 
percentage of red blood cell and blood pressure remained stable for the remainder of her stay . 
hepatology saw the patient with plan for colonoscopy in the before noon . 
he was transfused total of 7 units and hematocrit stabalized at 30 . 
patient arrived with ventilator and was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit . 
on postoperative days one and two , he remained in the intensice care unit for blood supply support . 
patient ' s red blood cells percentage remained stable after the colonoscopy , he tolerated full diet and did not have any further episodes of bloody bowel movements . 
went to primary care provider office on 7 - 29 with one month of watery stool and shortness of breath typical of her chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flares . 
however , after extensive discussion , given his overall improvement , and national institutes of health stroke scale less than 10 , it was decided not to take him for intra-arterial tissue plasminogen activator or clot retrieval . 
this is a age over 90 y / o female with a history of a condition in which her thyroid gland doesn ' t produce enough of certain crucial hormones who presented to the hospital with worsening lower extremity edema and new onset atrial fibrillation . 
two large bore intravenous were placed and he was made nothing by mouth . 
however , dilantin was discontinued after last twelve months revealed normal activity . 
he was treated with antibiotics for his lungs infection as well . 
the patient was neurologically intact and blood supply is stable , weaned from inotropic and antihypotensive medicine support . 
in the intensive care unit , the patient was continued on a pantoprazole glucose tolerance test , transitioned to hospital1 on the floor . 
patient with transient high blood pressure thought to be due to fluid mobilization after aggressive fluid hydration . 
patient is a 52 y / o male who resides in prison was transferred to hospital1 18 from hospital hospital via ambulance with a known brain bleeding . 
oral medicine were held except midodrine which he was tolerating by end of intensive care unit stay . 
the medical examiner decided to take his case for a durable medical equipment given the patient ' s recent spinal cord surgery at new england baptist hospital and his condition of low blood platelet count and his young age . 
she received 30 minutes of chest compressions which may have been suboptimal as a heart supporting device was being placed . 
female with past medical history significant for congestive heart failurecontinuous , coronary artery disease s / p coronary artery bypass graft , and chronic kidney disease presenting with congestive heart failurecontinuous exacerbation complicated by last name on chronic kidney disease requiring initiation of hemodialysis . 
white blood cell count increased from 11 on admission to 17 the following day , though she remained not feverish . 
while on the medical floor , nasogastric tube was replaced given worsening of her belly pain and distension . 
given her history of extended spectrum beta-lactamase in the past , she was covered with imipenim and gentamicin . 
patient was started on gabapentin and a lidocaine patch . 
the patient spiked a temperature of 102 in the emergency department and received acetaminophen . 
28 year old female with type i diabetes mellitus who presents to medical intensive care unit for diabetic ketoacidosis # diabetic ketoacidosis : patient presented with high blood sugar , acidosis with anion gap , and ketones in urine consistent with diabetic ketoacidosis . 
he was hydrated with 1 liter normal saline prior to the study . 
patient was on ceftazidine and levaquin after removing ventilator and was transferred to the medical floor prior to discharge . 
he was diuruesed , but continued to require high levels of fraction of inspired oxygen and positive end-expiratory pressure . 
he has been having shortness of breathing for the past month and is followed in heart failure clinic by doctor . 
heart doctor was consulted and felt that the electrocardiogram was not concerning for a new heart event . 
the baby was extracted with abnormal position in fetus with significant bruising of the extremities . 
then was per emergency medical service confused , unable to follow commands , aggitated , but apparently oriented to time of day and place . 
right upper quadrant ultrasound showed evidence of gallstone disease with no evidence of infection of the gallbladder , but no portal vein blood clot . 
according to emergency medical service , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive . 
her oral painkiller was increased and additional painkiller was added to her medical treatment . 
# diabetes type ii ( a1c 11 . 2 in 3 - 7 ) patient was on injury severity score plus long acting while in house and is discharged on home regimen of insulin for continued pneumocystis carinii pneumonia follow up . 
he became low blood pressure to systolic blood pressure 60s and was given intravenous fluids normal saline 400cc which brought up his blood pressure to systolic blood pressure 130s . 
she was weaned off hypertension, hypervolemia, and hemodilution therapy and transferred to step down on 6 - 27 , when her sutures were also removed . 
evidence of heart disease flattening on computed tomography chest report and on focused assessment with sonography for trauma u / s in emergency department with right ventricle dysfunction . 
computed tomography scan revealed large fluid and / or air space collection with mass effect , differential diagnosis includes infection mass . 
he was given continuous positive airway pressure followed by bag mask breathing support . 
diabetes mellitus : the patient is currently being managed well on normal pressure hydrocephalus and a regular insulin sliding scale . 
direct antiglobulin test was positive for anti - sdh , which according to the blood bank , was not enough to account for what would have been the degree of destruction of red blood cells needed for the lack of response . 
blood pressure improved with intravenous fluids and has remained stable for days prior to discharge without additional fluid boluses . 
his liver function test ' s improved daily with aspartate transaminase decreasing to 28 , alanine transaminase 55 , alk alkaline phosphatase 115 , and t . bili 1 . 8 . 
her bicarb intravenous fluids were discontinued as it was felt she was resolved from her overdose . 
# hypoglycemia : patient has no history of diabetes or taking oral or subcutaneous diabetes medications . 
81 y / o male with a history of atrial fibrillation , heart failure c / b recurrent transudative pleural effusions presenting with acute respiratory distress following chest diseases . 
ob / gyn had also been consulted , and performed a bedside ultrasound . 
she was brought emergently to the operation room a right sided brain surgery for evacuation of blood . 
during that hospitalization she was admitted with concern for st elevation myocardial infarction , but had a catheter with nonocclusive coronary artery disease and only narrowing of the arteries . 
the high blood pressure was eventually controlled by re - instituting his regular medications and increasing his dose of lisinopril . 
dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia was used postoperatively to control pain , then transitioned to oral painkiller . 
metabolic acidosis : he had an anion gap acidosis which remained unchanged throughout his admission , likely from urine disease and / or lactic acid from blood disease . 
vomited small amount of bright red blood in emergency department . 
revision failed , however , thoracic surgery reported a large area of dead tissue with difficulty localizing the anterior wall of the windpipe . 
patient was initially treated in the intensive care unit and received three adenosine monophosphate of bicarbonate . 
she waxed and waned in her mental status , which was likely delerium related to her myocardial infarction and infection . 
imaging revealed mild to moderate reversible defects in the left anterior descending and patent ductus arteriosus territories . 
her only physical complaint was of heartburn , no worse than her usual acid reflux symptoms . 
per emergency department report , emergency medical service gave patient dose of intramuscular epinephrine , benadryl , and nebs . 
patient has developed right sided reproducible chest pain non - pleuitic but worse with coughing and soreness of her lower ribs / abd muscles with coughing . 
on review of systems , he denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , blood clot in deep vein , blood clot in lungs , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , coughing up blood , black stools or red stools . 
he was noted to have few initial bleeding from the midportion of his sternal incision . 
a heparin glucose tolerance test was started several times throughout her hospital stay but had to be held because of a dropping hematocrit , hematuria or subcutaneous hematoma . 
the physical therapy service was consulted for assistance with his strength and mobility after surgery . 
the patient did well after surgery , with no major complications . 
he presented this time with shortness of breathing and swallowing difficulties , which started this afternoon occuring mutliple times per hour . 
heart doctor was consulted and determined that catheter was not indicated at this time given recent gastrointestinal bleed . 
he had a bone marrow test performed on that day as well . 
she initially tolerated away from ventilator well however gradually experienced more respiratory distress and started on a morphine drip and scopalamine patch . 
patient improved neurologically , was seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy and found to require acute health restoring prior to discharge to home . 
she also endorses subjective fevers and chills but denies shortness of breathing , cough , painful urination , n / v / d , night sweats , sick contacts , runny nose , sinus congestion , headache . 
the patient initially required aggressive lungs cleaning with hourly suctioning . 
he recently had stent placed , increasing his risk for a gastrointestinal infection source . 
patient and his family have expressed an interest in getting his follow up care in nursing home , closer to home . 
later that same day he went to endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography for a biliary stent was placed successfully across the cystic duct opening in the common bile duct with the distal stent in the duodenum . 
this is a 71 year - old woman with metastatic kidney cell carcinoma diagnosed in 3 - 22 and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease being transferred to the hospital s / p left radical nephrectomy for respiratory monitoring . 
his prostatic test was scheduled due to a recently elevated prostate-specific antigen of 7 . 2 . 
a computerized axial tomography scan at the outside hospital revealed a 0 . 5 cm left frontal contusion . 
age over 90 year old female with history of dementia , depression , hypertension and dyslipidemia transferred from nursing home with bright red blood per rectum . 
she received a total of 2 units packed red blood cells during her stay , and responded well to these transfusions . 
a kidneys, ureters, and bladder x-ray was done for belly distension and tympanitic exam which showed possible bowel obstruction . 
she was initially admitted to the medical intensive care unit and was transferred to the floor on 2158 - 5 - 4 . 
he developed lack of sharpness of vision on 2140 - 2 - 8 , a head imaging scan at that time was without abnormalities . 
a head computed tomography showed calcifications in pons with no development of secondary malignant growths at a distance from a primary site of cancer . 
she went for repeat tap by interphalangeal joint , but they could not see an area to tap on ultrasound , and decided to bronch her instead with bronchoalveolar lavage . 
patient presented with an hematocrit of 23 . 2 , and required a total of 10 units of packed red blood cells while in the intensive care unit to maintain hematocrit . 
once hematocrit stabilized , he was transferred out of the surgical intensive care unit to the med - doctor floor . 
47 year old female with 1 week of upper respiratory infection treated with arithromycin , sent to emergency room by pneumocystis pneumonia with rapid atrial fibrillation , subsequently had respiratory arrest and was put on ventilator and sent to coronary care unit . 
repeat head computed tomography after 24 hours showed no progression of subdural hematoma . 
however , his breathing status markedly improved and he his on refractory anemia , and there was no indication for further work - up . 
patient had follow up two days later along with labs drawn , which showed an acute hematocrit drop to 14 . 1 . 
the patient was continued on lisinopril and half of her home dose of toprol xl with good effect . 
patient transferred to hospital1 18 due to high risk of rebleeding , possibly requiring a transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt . 
differential diagnosis at that time included sepsis , disseminated intravascular coagulation medication side effect and heparin-induced thrombocytopenia . 
he was found to be having higher than normal potassium level in his blood , so he was given albuterol , insulin 10 u , and glucose , and his repeat glucose was 18 . 
abdominal exam remained good and he tolerated heart , healthy diet . 
he was also found to have extremely weak ability of blood coagulating and low blood platelet count with a number of areas that were oozing . 
she was restarted on her home dose of aspirin , and will likely require lifetime medical treatment , although this may be able to be titrated downward in the future . 
the patient has had chronic episodes of black tarry stool and bright red blood per rectum , however , on the afternoon of admission , the patient felt that he was feeling increasingly weak , almost lost consciousness and did not recall if he actually passed out or fell asleep . 
her headaches were controlled on fioricet and she was considered fit for discharge . 
it was decided after her second condition of blood outside of a blood vessel while on anticoagulation , the risks of anticoagulation outweigh the benefits at this time and she was not anticoagulated . 
an echo performed revealed mitral valve prolapse with severe mitral regurgitation . at the request of the family the patient is transferred to hospital3 . 
the patient had grade ii dilated blood vessels expansion and was started on nadolol as above . 
at time of call - out to floor there was no evidence of active or large volume bleeding and patient had improvement in belly pain . 
this was a spontaneous twin pregnancy that was uncomplicated until mom was noted to develop some neck bone shortening . 
head computed tomography revealed a large r epidural collection of blood outside of a blood vessel with 13mm midline shift and uncal herniation . 
the patient underwent a second lung scoping which revealed a moderate sized blood clot at the left and right main stem bronchi . 
he felt well for a few days , but returns with worsening shortness of breath as well as new cough and wheezing . 
computed tomography angiography head was performed which showed subarachnoid hemorrhage and l mucinous cystadenomamiddle cerebral artery aneurysm . 
per brief discussion with health care practitioner , patient is an avid musician and plays the trumpet . 
blood pressure ' s were borderline in the emergency department ; she received a total of 1 l normal saline . 
adenosine was pushed without resolution of his high heartbeat rhythm , presumed sinus high heartbeat rhythm . 
head computed tomography repeated here and showed a 1 . 7 x 0 . 9 cm frontal contusion in addition to the subarachnoid hemorrhage and subdural hematoma seen on the prior study . 
the kidney service was consulted for peritoneal dialysis recommendations . 
she took 2 tylenol for the pain but it quickly returned so she presented to outside hospital . 
- she will be discharged to home hospice and will stop receiving hemodialysis treatments . 
delivery was performed by incision in belly for high blood pressure and deficiency of amniotic fluid . 
she was started on coumadin in recent months but her international normalized ratio has been therapeutic since initiation of therapy . 
x - rays showed three synchronous pathological changes in the right upper lobe . 
he was continued on prednisone and alb / atrovent nebs until it was determined that pain relief was the goal of care . 
a neurology consult recommended to pursuing dilantin treatment , obtain an electroencephalogram to evaluate for epileptogenic sites and start thiamine supplements and aspirin . 
53 y / o male transferred from outside hospital for surgical evaluation . 
# st-elevation myocardial infarction she had initially presented to the emergency department with chest pains and was observed overnight . 
she was noted to have a right sided paralysis with the head turned to the left as well as a loss of ability to understand or express speech . 
bystanders found him to be unresponsive / pulseless and initiated cardiopulmonary resuscitation for 10 minutes . 
she was weaned from sedation , awoke and was removed from ventilator on postoperative day 1 and she continued to progress . 
he eventually agreed to hemodialysis and tunnel catheter placed by insulin resistance interventional in radiology spinal cord on 2171 - 4 - 4 . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , patient is intubated and sedated . 
post - operatively the patient was taken intubated to the surgical intensive care unit where he weaned off neosynephrine within 18 hours . 
she originally presented to hospital3 where computed tomography scan demonstrated a pancreatic pseudocyst . 
her bicarb glucose tolerance test was changed to normal saline per kidney doctor recommendations , and was then changed just to partial parenteral nutrition as she was felt to be euvolemic and did not require more fluid resuscitation . 
he was weaned off levophed in the emergnecy department with stable blood pressure in the 110s . 
patient was taken to outside hospital emergently , was intubated in the field . 
he was treated for health care-associated pneumonia with vancomycin / cefepime for an 8 day course . 
subsequently his vanc was d / c as patient responded to daptomycin . 
heart rate were better controlled and she did not have episodes of low blood pressure . 
it is also possible that she had excess fluid in the lungs in response to high blood pressure , as her systolic blood pressure was 215 / 115 in the emergency department on admission . 
she did not require any benzos per clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale and was felt to be at low risk of withdrawal given recent detox . 
apparently , the patient checked this online and self - referred to the emergency department . 
patient instructed to have close follow up with pneumocystis pneumonia for measurement of hematocrit and international normalized ratio levels . 
the patient was started on an initial fluroquinolone regimen and then changed to meropenem , before finally settling on imipenem regimen . 
negative computed tomography angiography ruled out lungs blood clot , but showed bilateral lower lobe collapse due to collapse of an entire lobe . 
he should have daily international normalized ratio checks as he completes a seven - day antibiotic course ( levo will potentiate coumadin activity ) and should have qod international normalized ratio checks thereafter until he is stabilized on a coumadin dosing schedule . 
per the patient ' s primary care provider the computed tomography was read as worrysome for a malignant neoplasm of the lung arising from the epithelium of the bronchus or bronchiole . 
year old male w / hx of squamous cell carcinoma s / p radiotherapy used in cancer treatment who presents with shortness of breath , oxygen deficiency in tissues and multifocal pneumonia . 
he was ultimately transitioned to a dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia to help determine his narcotic requirements . 
he had symptoms to suggest a pulmonary embolism - no pleuritic chest pain . 
the patient was rate controlled as above and also was started on afterload reduction with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor(s) and he was diuresed with lasix intravenous . 
incentive lung ability test and lung cleaning were continued and he remained not feverish without an elevated white blood cell count . 
peritoneal dialysis catheter placement was unsuccessful due to bleeding and adhesions . 
infection felt to be unlikely given that patient was not feverish w / o any localizing signs , elevated white blood cells count . 
he was had blood filtering 9 - 11 and was transfused with packed red blood cells for decreased proportion of red blood cells in blood . 
digoxin loaded with rate control and subsequent conversion to normal sinus rhythm . 
her amlodipine was increased to 10mg daily because of ongoing hypertension . 
approximately 1 month ago she had a swollen cervical gland . 
after recovering in the post-anesthesia care unit , she was tranferred to the surgical intensive care unit and the occult blood team followed in her care . 
c - spine negative , she was found to have an urinary tract infection , which is treated with levaquin . 
in the emergency department he was noted to have a temperature of 101 and low blood pressure to 83 / 53 which improved with 2 l intravenous fluids . 
her oxygen saturation  responded to 6l fm and her breathing became more comfortable . 
the patient was admitted and had an airway computed tomography which showed high - grade narrowing of the windpipe at level of the neck junction , corresponding to a site of prior breathing tube insertion . 
work - up of potential infectious etiologies included blood cultures , u / a and urine culture , and chest x - ray . 
his history and presentation was consistent with dextromethorphan intoxication . 
given a remote history of intravenous drug user , liver infection test were sent , hepbsab ( + ) and hepc pending at discharge . 
according to emergency medical service(s) , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive . 
heart doctor was consulted and felt presentation was unlikely to represent past heart failure between the last month of pregnancy and 5 months post delivery with no determinable cause . 
he was sent to hospital1 18 for the process of restoring lost water , stool for culture , o and ova and parasites , hospital1 , repeat complete blood count , also concern for pneumocystis pneumonia / tb / lymphoma . 
urinalysis was negative for infection , thoughts of self-harm was checked which was low thought t4 was normal . 
she continued to have nausea / vomiting but was non - bloody gallbladder infenction caused vomiting without coffee grounds or frank . 
he was started on empiric metronidazole on admission and stool samples sent for c different toxin assay . 
rotoblation was attempted , however complicated with wire fracture and right coronary artery perforation . 
patient with hep c / etoh hard liver on transplant list with adnexal masses found during transplant workup . 
occipital mass on magnetic resonance imaging she was found to have a right - sided occipital lesion that was new from prior studies . 
an xray of bother sites were obtained - negative for fracture . 
he was stable in blood supply without deficiency of oxygen and was phonating well , and protecting his airway , and was brought in by ambulance . 
he was given 3 more units of fresh frozen plasma and 1u packed red blood cells and he was transferred to the intensive care unit for monitoring , and to await airway scoping by interventional pulmonology . 
he required precedex to allow for vent weaning and was removed from ventilator shortly thereafter without difficulty . 
he went into abnormal heart rhythm for which he was seen by electrophysiology , cardioverted and started on amiodarone . 
cultures at the rehab facility were positive for gram negative blood bacteria infection in his sputum . 
her urine output in post-anesthesia care unit reached a low of 17 cc / hour but averaged 20 - 30 cc / hour overnight . 
a chest x - ray showed marked enlarged heart and congested accumulation of fluid in the lungs . 
her acute heart issues had resolved and she was called out to the medicine service . 
the patient continued to decompensate and was taken to the operating room for an ex - lap as his lactate continued to rise in the setting of low blood pressure ; the thought was that he likely had inadequate flow of oxygenated blood to the intestines . 
he was transferred to the child support recovery unit in stable condition on phenylephrine and propofol drips . 
heart review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , sensations that heart is pounding , emporary loss of consciousness or feeling of lightheadedness . 
the day prior to discharge she was transitioned to by mouth prednisone as she was no longer having rattling sound in the chest while breathing . 
patient states that she has never had pain like this before and did have associated sick and vomiting . 
she will be followed by gastrointestinal and nutrition for these problems . 
it is important to make sure that patient continues to have at least daily bowel movements , and that he does not become constipated . 
the patient was stabilized with packed red blood cells , fresh frozen plasma , platelets . 
he was evaluated by psych who found him agitated and oriented times one . 
he was found to have blood pressure 76 / 40 with heart rate to 116 and satting 98 % on room air . 
electrocardiogram showed aflutter with ventricular rate in the 60s . 
thoughts of self-harm and free thyroxine were checked b / o persistent tachycardia and were within normal limits . 
belly and lower part of the torso computed tomography showed no evidence of retroperitoneal bleed , no evidence of kidney swells or abnormal kidney fluid . 
he was placed nothing by mouth , a kidneys, ureters, and bladder x-ray was obtained which revealed an ileus ; he was kept nothing by mouth for several days until he began to pass flatus and having bowel movements . 
80 year old male with medical monitoring project including diabetes mellitus type ii , high blood fat , chronic renal failure , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who presented with intestinal angina and was admitted by vascular surgery for possible stenting . 
she will be discharged with the heparin glucose tolerance test to continue until her international normalized ratio is therapeutic in the range of 3 - 3 . 
ear, nose, and throat was consulted who performed airway scoping and though patient most likely had supraglotic squamous cell carcinoma with bilateral metastatis . 
patient has history of presentation to emergency department in 2 - 5 with acute onset jaw and ear pain and was found to have left bundle branch block with minor ant . 
he has not had chest pain , wosened shortness of breath , shortness of breath when lying flat , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea , increase lower extremity edema , abdominal pain , sick / vomit / watery stool . 
on hemodialysis 5 the hematocrit fell ~ 7 points to 22 , which was re - checked , and she was transfused 2 units of packed red blood cells with an appropriate response and remained stable . 
dizziness had improved by the morning of hemodialysis 3 , and patient was walking steadily aroubnd the unit . 
the gastrointestinal team has been made aware of the patient ; given his varices , gastrointestinal has recommended no nasogastric tube placement and rapid transfer to medical intensive care unit for esophagogastroduodenoscopy . 
patient was administered full - dose aspirin and started on a nitroglycerin glucose tolerance test . 
with an unnclear etiology , given that disseminated intravascular coagulation labs were negative . 
patient completed unasyn x 4 days and one additional day of ampicillin . 
he was seen by endocrine and recommended to be discharged with glargine 30 units every night at bedtime and to check his blood glocuse before every meal  . 
blood pressure remained stable for the rest of her hospitalization . 
her a wardname was gradually turned down over the course of 3 days , and the patient was found to regulate her heart rhythm appropriately . 
neurologically he has been doing well working with physical therapy  / ot and speech therapy at hospital3 . 
received ceftraixone , vanc and flagyl for presumed aspiration pulmonary nodular amyloidosis . 
upon presentation to the emergency department , the patient had a temp of 100 . 0 and was found to be in atrial fibrillation per report . 
patient ' s hematocrit remained stable and he was transferred to the medical floor from the intensive care unit , where again hematocrit remained stable . 
ear, nose, and throat  suggested this might clear / heal on its own , but that if it does n ' t , speech and swallow consult as outpatient should be considered . 
lung swells culture was negative and effusions improved clinically with normal sats on room air on discharge . 
it was felt likely that she had e coli sepsis despite the negative blood culture , and she had peritonitis given the large amt of white blood cells count on her abnormal buildup of fluid in the abdomen . 
guaiac positive stool in the setting of low blood platelet count make slow gastrointestinal bleed a possible source of low blood pressure as well although hematocrit remained stable . 
when patient arrived at the post-anesthesia care unit she had to be reintubated for resp distress . 
a head computed tomography showed traumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage and neurosurgery consulted for further management . 
he reports significantly decreased by mouth intake over the last 4 days prior to admission . 
he ruled in for an acute myocardial infarction with elevated troponins . 
based on their findings , the decision was made to electively intubated for the patient fiberoptically via l nares . 
he was taking to the operating room on hemodialysis 2 for exploratory abdominal incision and evacuation of the collection of blood outside of blood vessels . 
she was started on levaquin / flagyl for possible pneumonia yesterday and was evaluated by psych for mental status  changes and an electroencephalogram report is pending . 
he was transfused with 2 units red blood cells ' s on the 18th and was removed from ventilator . 
there was concern for pancreatic necrosis at outside hospital , however review of imaging here showed acute pancreas infection but no reasons of necrosis . 
linezolid was also started in the acute setting because of a report indicating that patient . 
he should maintain tight blood sugar control as well ( glycosylated hemoglobin 6 . 7 ) . 
original head computed tomography was positive for a small bleed in the left main chamber of heart . 
per family patient was aggitated and taken to emergency department . 
there was right vertex brain surgery , with improved trace subjacent presence of air or gas within the cranial cavity . 
responded well to esmolol drip in the intensive care unit with improvement in rate control to 80s . 
there was question of ileus on kidneys, ureters, and bladder x-ray although no clinical signs were apparent . 
as anxiety was thought to be contributing to the patient ' s abnormally rapid breathing , the patient was given ativan , and the respiratory rate remained normal during the remainder of her hospitalization . 
she was kept intubated for first 24 hours given high dose mannitol and steroids . 
he went to an outside hospotal where computed tomography showed an acute internal brain bleeding . 
patient presented to emergency department with unresponsiveness and was intubated for airway protection and difficulty breathing . 
he had received a plavix loading dose of 300mg during catheterization so surgery was delayed until monday 2192 - 11 - 5 while plavix washed out . 
diuresis with lasix drip was given with incomplete response . 
since increasing dose of vancomycin , patient has been not feverish . 
he had repeat transthoracic echocardiogram that was unchanged and it was recommended that he have another one in about 4 months . 
ears, nose, throat was consulted who performed airway scoping which was non revealing . 
she received a dose of ceftriaxone , clindamycin , and azithromycin for community-acquired pneumonia + post - obstructive pneumonia , as well as nebulizers and solumedrol x 1 . . 
her code status was again changed to do not intubate - she agreed to discuss with her primary care provider living will on the second trip to the operation room , fluids released from a wound was again encountered and a wound vac was placed . 
bedside transthoracic echocardiogram showed a moderate excess fluid in heart with some right ventricle / ra blood pressure collapse when heart muscle relaxes . 
he should have a follow up echo in a couple of months to evaluate for any recovery . 
post operatively he was transferred to trauma surgical intensive care unit for close monitoring . 
a chest x-ray  taken on the 8 - 6 , demonstrated interval improvement in left lung with stable water on the lungs . 
he had an urgent esophagogastroduodenoscopy on 10 - 5 which revealed small arteriovenous malformation in the mucous membrane layer of the stomach . 
swan numbers were more consistent with sepsis with a relatively low central venous pressure , high cardiac output / index , and low systemic vascular resistance . 
a large volume of bloody fluid was removed from the abdomen , but active bleeding was not seen . 
an lumbar puncture was done that showed an opening pressure of 26 ( not fully relaxed ) , with elevated protein of 292 . 
he had a chest tube placed at the time of surgery that was removed of postoperative days # 3 after its drainage decreased . 
he made excellent progress and was discharged to home with visiting nursing association services on postoperative days # 4 . 
he was continue on aspirin , metoprolol 25 mg hospital1 , imdur 30 during admission . 
the neurological exam began slowly improving and some left lower ends inclined movement was noted . 
she had ongoing symptoms in 2138 - 1 - 2 and had lower extremity non-invasive test done at that time which showed non - occlusive blood clot of the left common femoral vein is similar in appearance to prior imaging studies . 
she suffers continual pain in her back and a band - like pain across the lower aspect of her ribs / upper belly . 
of note , legionella and cryptococcal antigen studies were negative and pneumocystis pneumonia not seen on sputum antibody test . 
the reasons of heart arrest was likely multifactorial and potentially related to infection such as toxic megacolon and ? 
he converted to slow release and was discharged to home on postoperative days # 5 in stable condition . 
he is s / p lamina remove surgery and evacuation of the epidural abscess and s / p insulin resistance  drainage of l psoas abscess and l gluteal muscle abscess . 
bladder pressure was checked to monitor for belly compartment syndrome . 
r triple peripherally inserted central catheter is in place after unsuccessful triple-lumen catheter attempt . 
the arrest was witnessed by a family member , who performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation . 
she has chronic lower extremity edema , but otherwise has been doing well since her last admission , initally at rehab then d / c ' d home . 
in the critical care unit a swan-ganz was placed and his initial readings were pulmonary capillary wedge pressure 38 , posteroanterior 56 / 24 . 
by the time of discharge on postoperative days 4 the patient was walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral painkiller . 
antibiotics were switched to vanc / zosyn for better free oxygen requiring coverage out of concern for aspiration lung infection . 
patient was not jaundiced , had normal white count , unelevated liver function test , and was not jaundiced on exam . 
a right internal jugular central venous line was placement and x - ray confirmed placement . 
81 male with unknown progressive macular hypomelanosis was transfered from outside hospital for evaluation . 
gastrointestinal signed off at that point and indicated that they did not believe he was having a significant gastrointestinal bleed and that further workup should be defered to the outpatient setting . 
gastrointestinal was consulted in the emergency department and advised an nasogastric lavage , though this was not performed prior to transfer . 
patient was inserted a tube into airway for airway protection with dose of vercuronium for agitation . 
due to high blood pressure , she initially required nitro drip . 
once his post operation magnetic resonance imaging was obtained , he was cleared for discharge and he was in agreement with this plan . 
ejection fraction may have been slightly more depressed than previously noted due to recent supraventricular tachycardia . 
her complaints of right arm pain had improved as did the strength in her right arm . 
patient was treated with ambisome with plans for therapy for 1 - 2 weeks followed by itraconazole for at least a year . 
multiple consistencies of barium were administered under constant video x - ray movie observation . 
her catheter and drain were removed postoperative days 3 and she was able to take by mouth ' s . 
his liver disease is complicated by enlarged veins in the esophagus and enlargement of the spleen . 
pt was started on vanco , clinda , and tigecycline and outside hospital and was immediately admitted to intensive care unit upon transfer . 
patient has bruise to left hip from bumping into doorway and c / o stubbing her toe multiple times lately . 
the belly wound drainage decreased and granulation tissue was noted . 
patient was stable on floor and transaminitis continued to improve . 
the headache started occipitally but involved the whole head . 
toradol was added to his prescribed course of medical treatment which was helpful . 
69 y / o male w / known aortic stenosis , now w / progressive shortness of breath , decreased exercise tolerance . 
she was becoming increasingly fast heart rate , and was given 2 boluses 500cc normal saline . 
continued on calcium acetate and cinacalcet as well as nephrocaps . 
1 day following discharge she began having hiccups lasting longer than one month , worsening sick , and worsening belly pain . 
58 year old female who presented to pneumocystis carinii pneumonia  office with chest pain and shortness of breath . 
he will need another echo in about a month . 
patient was restarted on medicine that makes body produce more pee to help mobilize fluid . 
83 year old female h / o diabetes mellitus , coronary artery disease s / p myocardial infarction , chronic renal insufficiency who was discharged on 2139 - 1 - 16 after a lengthy hospitalization for trauma . 
his trach was replaced in the emergency department , and he was subsequently discharged . 
she was thin with furosemide toward her preoperative weight . 
statin was recently changed to gemfibrizil as patient felt lousy and patient had decided to stop taking plavix as it had been more than 2 years since last catheter . 
she was eventually stabilized and transferred to the tumors team . 
it was thought that her delta mental status may have been due to underlying infection , and source for this was sought out . 
patient underwent an esophagogastroduodenoscopy on 2184 - 5 - 13 which revealed a duodenal ulcer which was successfully cauterized . 
she has been instructed to follow - up with her primary care provider on discharge to further coordinate this . 
master of surgery informed the primary team that the paitient had no medical insurance by choice so the team kept costs in mind while caring for this patient , and he was discharged on half pills of higher dose medications where possible . 
enterococcal urinary tract infection was treated with vancomcyin initially , then linezolid until sensitivities returned . 
at hospital1 location 620 , vital signs : t98 . 4 p44 rr18 bp181 / 74 and oxygen saturation  97 % . 
this large - for - gestational - age term infant was brought to the nicufor evaluation of low blood sugar . 
pathology showed gland cancer , and cell test was most consistent with a lung primary . 
his aeci and beta blocker were held during much of this hospitalization because of his low blood pressure . 
the patient was managed nonoperatively with percutaneous drainage and he matured an abnormal connection that develops between the intestinal tract or stomach and the skin which ultimately closed . 
she reported that she was having decreased flatus , but no bloody bowel movements and no discomfort when urinating or vaginal discharge . 
though he endorsed suicidality on presentation , this resolved with resolution of his intoxication . 
while i nthe cardiovascular intensive care unit he required pressure support post operative course 11 - 21 electrophysiology procedure was consulted for interigation of intercostal drain 11 - 24 patient extubate computed tomography out / post chest x-ray  no pnuemothorax electrophysiology procedure interrigation of intercostal drain again for lower rate when stable he was delined . 
he was aggressively resuscitated and his urine was alkalinized . 
a lipid panel was checked and his low-density lipoprotein was in the 40s . 
the patient is a 86 y / o man who presents with right frontal intraparenchymal hemorrhage . 
this twin was noted to have growth restriction within the uterus and was followed with serial ultrasounds . 
patient responded to intravenous fluids and her complete remission went down . 
his creatinine stayed at 1 . 4 for the remainder of his admission . 
overnight , she c / o some mild left sided chest pain with no other symptoms . 
she has been treated with bowel prescribed course of medical treatment and enemas in the emergency department without great success . 
a computed tomography angiography was negative for pulmonary embolism , but showed marked lung disease . 
his outside records were reviewed and the patient admitted to the trauma surgical intensive care unit . 
free t4 was also low , indicating a condition in which his thyroid gland doesn ' t produce enough of certain crucial hormones , so he was started on levothyroxine at 50 mg . 
blood thinner was held per bloody pericardial effusion and no evidence of atrial fibrillation during admission . 
the continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration catheter clooted on 8 - 5 , but resolved to tissue plasminogen activator . 
the risks of this was explained to him by multiple midlevels on the team and he allowed us to place 2 staples . 
he was given vanc and ceftriaxone to cover for meningococus and giant papillary conjunctivitis , doxy to cover rickettsial disease and flagyl given the abdominal complaints . 
likely there is some extension to the cortex that is difficult to see on computed tomography as he has clear paraphasic errors and word - finding difficulties as well . 
he reports he has had dark cloudy urine with white chuncky matter in his stream occasionally 
her hypertension was tx with her regular home medications w / o adjustment . 
this is a 55 year old female admitted for fever / leukocytosis , abdominal pain . 
her steroids were managed as outlined above in sections 1 and 2 . 
an belly computed tomography scan showed small bowel obstruction and rectal thickening . 
airway scoping showed arytenoid joint dislocations , narrowing of the airway , and weak airway walls . 
in her workup she was referred for a chest x - ray which revealed an enlarged heart tissue . 
he had one episode of watery bowel movements this morning but otherwise no gastrointestinal complaints although he has not been able to drink or eat much . 
orthopedic consult for possible compartment syndrome , continued to monitor for changes hourly in intensive care unit . 
given a recurrence of too slow heart rate , the metoprolol dose was minimized and furosemide , per nephrology , was added for uncontrolled high blood pressure . 
per heme / onc his plavix was never stopped , although the patient is a poor historian and is unable to verify the medications he is taking at home . 
social work / case management : sturgeeber syndrome was consulted to help the patient cope with the new diagnosis . 
her hematocrit was revealed to be 28 and a swan - ganz catheter showed low right atrial and left atrial pressure . 
he was taken to heart catheterization on 5 - 27 , which showed occluded the heart bypass vessel , native 3 - vessel coronary artery disease , and a thrombus in the distal saphenous vein graft . 
patient will be discharged home not on any beta - adrenergic blocking agents , calcium - channel blocker or amiodarone . 
patient was transitioned to an oral pain regimen with oxycontin and by mouth dilaudid prior to discharge . 
she was started on zithromax , and chemotherapy originally on admission , and after blood cultures came back positive on 2172 - 12 - 20 , she was started on intravenous vancomycin w / d / c of zithromax . 
patient was subsequently discharged to rehab in good condition on 2127 - 3 - 26 tolerating a regular diet , tube feeds cycled at night for nutritional supplementation . 
he also had a computed tomography of his neck , which showed no fracture but degenerative joint disease . 
he initially required heart medicines and pressors for blood flow instability and a transesophageal echocardiogram was obtained that revealed right ventricle movement disorder . 
fluid status is managed with blood filtering as patient does not make urine . 
she was admitted to rehab for management of the necrotic wound on her right lower lobe , discharged , and treated with vanc / cefepime and vincristine dressing . 
kidney doctor was consulted who believed creatinine would trend down without intervention and that continuous veno-venous hemofiltration / hd was not indicated . 
his vomiting has been nonbloody , somewhat bilious , and he also reports very poor by mouth intake due to his sore throat . 
he tried two sublingual nitro , but did not help . 
post op hematocrit showed post operative changes and presence of air or gas within the right cranial cavity . 
there was no witnessed seizure activity , bowel / bladder incontinence at home . 
this 81 - year - old female with history of coronary artery disease , ejection fraction less than 20 % , and uncoordinated heart rate , who presents with symptomatic mobitz type ii a - v block . 
it appears that his disorder that too much iron builds up in his body is mild and has been well controlled with close monitoring . 
cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath on exertion , coughing at night , shortness of breath when lying flat , ankle swellings , sensations that heart is racing , temporary loss of consciousness or feeling of lightheadedness . 
however , it was an incidental finding and patient did not demonstrate any signs or symptoms of infection of the peritoneum or blocked arteries . 
