weaned off vent to continuous positive airway pressure and was extubated in the afternoon on 9 - 2 by the lung specialist team . 
you were intubated and was waken up after 10 - 22 minutes of pulseless electrical activity arrest . 
you were given succinyl choline and etomidate for intubation . 
had post - op lack of enough healthy red blood cells and was transfused with appropriate effect . 
the patient was maintained on logroll diseases prevention until tl spine films were obtained and read as negative . 
a line placed & sent to magnetic resonance imaging per neurosurgical recommendations . 
this gradually cleared when you were extubated and by the last few days of admission your mental status were at baseline . 
per patient , he took pepto - bismol 3 times earlier in the weeks for 3 days . 
patient is a 89 year old male with sick sinus syndrome s / p pacer , admitted to neurosurgery with subdural hematoma with acute respiratory distress / wheezing on the floor . 
mild right part of heart cavity enlargement with normal free wall motion . 
on postoperative days six , your international normalized ratio continued to be low at 1 . 3 but it was decided that your heparin could be discontinued and you would be discharged home with by mouth coumadin only . 
possibly secondary to worsening kidney function , but more likely due to bad illness . 
you progressed with physical therapy to improve her strength and mobility . 
patient is a 63 year - old man with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation , peripheral vascular disease , hyperlipidemia , hypertension and obstructive sleep apnea with complaint of several months of exertional chest pain and shortness of breath . 
primary care provider sent you for contrast magnetic resonance imaging , which revealed 15 - 20 ring - enhancing lesions in cerebrum , cerebellum , brainstem . 
the patient was aggresively pee 4 . 5 litter over the next 36 hours until his creatinine bumped and he was at his dry weight . 
megace was discontinued due to the possibility that this may contribute to the formation of a clot . 
your wound continued to improve and your veins antibiotics were stopped . 
in the critical care unit , the patient was resting comfortably in no abnormality detected . 
you were restarted on coumadin , and your international normalized ratio was therapeutic for a few days before admission . 
you also had subjective shortness of breath with chest x-ray suggesting fluid overload . 
later , it was thought that your low urine output was appropriate for your nutritional status . 
patient started to complain about right lower part of belly pain , radiating to right flank . 
also developed chest pain which you state persisted until you reached the emergency department , when you were given some medication that helped ( unsure which one ) . 
the mother was treated with ampicillin and received betamethasone . 
there was no change noted in your motor sensory function . 
a bedside echo revealed an ejection fraction of 20 % . 
- most likely source urinary tract infection with subsequent sepsis caused by urinary tract infection although aspiration pneumonia and infection from chronic right foot ulcer were also considered . 
focused assessment with sonography for trauma ultrasound exam performed by emergency department staff was thought by emergency department staff to be positive for presence of blood in the peritoneal cavity . 
given the extremely poor prognosis based on your initial muscle jerk status on admission , electroencephalogram pattern and clinical exam , your family decided to make you comfort measures only . 
# chronic pain : you are prescribed methadone by your primary care provider for chronic neck and back pain . 
you were initially covered with braod spectrum antibiotics with vanc , cefepime and flagyl . 
patient brought immediately to operating room for exploratory laparotomy , bilateral orthotopic lung transplant , and trach . 
you were given a windpipe incision surgery and percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube after failed extubation and reintubation . 
she once once again transferred to the cardiovascular intensive care unit in stable condition after evacuation . 
you received one dose of stress dose steroids in the emergency department . 
most likely abx - related , as clostridioides difficile negative prior to discharge . 
it was felt likely due to hepatorenal syndrome so midodrine 7 . 5mg three times a day was started as well as a bicarb glucose tolerance test for the blood disease . 
you were admitted to the trauma service and monitored in the trauma intensive care unit closely . 
you do report some cough productive of yellow sputum . 
computed tomography scan also revealed left common femoral vein deep vein thrombosis and left gonadal vein blood clot . 
the next day you received 2 units of packed red blood cells for hematocrit of 24 . 3 . 
was some concern for hepatorenal syndrome , given low urine sodium , though patient was responsive to protein made by liver challenge and maintained good urine output initially . 
other studies including a head computed tomography , neck computed tomography , tumor lysis syndrome films , and left arm film were negative for injury . 
you were given d50 with subsequent improvement of her blood sugars . 
neurosurgery consulted on the patient and did not intervene surgically as there was no evidence of enlargement of an artery present . 
computed tomography chest showed likely multifocal lung infection which was possible due to aspiration . 
you have switched physicians several times in the past several months and in the interim , have had increasing belly distention , diffuse belly discomfort / pain . 
you had complained to his primary care provider of exertional substernal chest pain for the past two weeks . 
you were initially stabilized after transfer to the critical care unit but had a similar arrest twice the next morning each following repositioning . 
your symptoms last for several days and then resolve , but tonight felt particularly weak , which prompted you visit to the emergency department . 
you were taken to the operating room for exploratory laparotomy , lysis of adhesions and stricture repairing . 
you ruled out for a heart attack by flat cardiac enzymes and your computed tomography angiogram was negative for a pulmonary embolism . 
computed tomography abdomen with by mouth contrast was obtained prior to transfer . 
in emergency department , found to be in 1st degree heart block with left bundle branch block . 
however , destruction of red blood cells labs were negative and no fragmented red blood cells were seen on the blood test . 
your computed tomography c - spine confirmed the type 2 odontoid fracture . 
fentanyl and lorazepam were administered for breakthrough agitation , with good response . 
post procedure electrocardiogram showing resolution of heart attack , no indication of stent caused blood clot or recurrent myocardial infarction . 
there was some concern for a l - sided loculated effusion on outside hospital computed tomography scan , but on review of these scans ( compared to prior ) these changes appear to be chronic . 
a chest x-ray on day of admission to the intensive care unit , showed a one - sided intransparency of unclear significance - possibly artifact - and the radiology read noted only both sided interstitial opacities but no focal lung infection . 
your mildly elevated lactate on initial presentation which down - trended with intravenous fluids , as well as low blood pressure responsive to small fluid balls are consistent with blood volume depletion low blood pressure . 
due to your poor immune status from chemical drug therapy , you received a dose of ceftriaxone in the emergency department . 
evaluated by vascular surgery in emergency department , you felt that your right lower extremity was non - threatened and no surgical intervention was required . 
you were given one liter of normal saline and systolic blood pressure increased appropriately to 107 . 
you were given lasix for more urine production with substantial improvement in respiratory function and decreased oxygen requirement . 
post - operatively , you were extubated and transferred to the post-anesthesia care unit for further stabilization and monitoring . 
you were transferred and upon receiveing patient , it was decided that you would need an operation to relive the obstruction , and were therefore booked for urgent belly incisional surgery . 
also found to have lung infection , urinary tract infection , and high serum sodium concentration with a sodium to 152 . 
you were apparently not injured but this morning he was unresponsive and would n ' t follow commands . 
the procedure was complicated by low blood pressure while intubated , for which you were on neosynephrine transiently . 
beta blockers were titrated to maximum blood dynamics as well as a diltiazem drip and you were started on coumadin on post - op day four for your bouts of abnormal heart rhythm . 
no complaints of shortness of breath , recent shortness of breath on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea , shortness of breath when lying flat , or previous chest pain . 
chest pain in the intensive care unit , you had episodes of chest pain often precipitated by food intake . 
you were d / c ' ed home with visiting nursing association and planned outpt follow - up with heart and lungs . 
staff obtained a pulmonary embolism protocol chest computed tomography which revealed a small pulmonary embolism in one of the left upper lobe segmental branches of the lungs artery as well as a superior vena cava clot . 
you deny recent dietary indiscretions and has been taking your insulin regularly in recent days . 
you were scheduled for close follow - up for radiofrequency ablation for your recently diagnosed hepatocellular carcinoma . 
electrocardiogram showed t wave inversions anterolaterally , new compared with an electrocardiogram from 2137 . 
hematocrit stable , no further excessive heart rate , enzymes stable . 
right chest tube was placed by chest surgery on 12 - 17 after attempted central venous line placement resulted in a collapsed lung . 
in medical intensive care unit you were started on zosyn for lung infection , were transferred to the floor on 1 - 1 after stabilization . 
a bedside exam was suggestive of aspiration with this liquids thus a pureed diet with nectar thick liquids was started . 
you were continued on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale on the floor , and required minimal diazepam for symptoms . 
only positive result was the vancomycin-resistant enterococcus screen in the intensive care unit for which you were put on precautions metabolic acidosis developed with ph compensated by respiratory excessive blood alkalinity . 
you were in usual state of health until 1am on 9 - 13 when you felt mild upper belly discomfort and sick and dizziness w / o vomiting after dinner which resolved with maalox . 
though your lactate trended down , your central venous o2 sats were greater than 70 indicating persistent septic physiology despite appropriate antibiotic treatment . 
it was decided that your right foot would not survive and that right below knee amputation was the best solution . 
you were monitored on continous health measurements remotely throughout your stay without any clearly contributable heart abnormal heart rhythm . 
respiratory failure - given persistent fever and increase of white blood cell , likely bacterial lung infection with hemophilus influenza noted on sputum culture . 
you with respiratory abnormally low level of oxygen in the blood were admitted and had copious thick secretions . 
you were noted to have bright red blood on rectal exam , but no active bleeding . 
concentrated hydromorphone 20mg / ml was given and then you were transitioned from intravenous to by mouth . 
she presented to hospital3 who r / o myocardial infarction by enzymes and electrocardiogram , computed tomography negative for bleeding , carotid u / s . 
upon arrival to the intensive care unit you are totally cerebral palsy free . 
electrocardiogram has no evidence of st or t wave changes . 
you were found to have approximately 75 % narrowing of his right carotid artery . 
your electrocardiogram was significant for mild heart attack in the lateral leads and some st depression across the precordial leads which were new compared to her emergency department electrocardiogram . 
to note , your inferior vena cava filter needs to be removed in the future . 
an electrocardiogram was performed which revealed a right bundle branch block and there was concern for anterioseptal st - depression . 
you were initially unresponsive and had low body temperature and after being warmed she was conscious but incoherent . 
you admitted from emergency department with type b heart artery dissection , uncontrolled high blood pressure and pain . 
you were admitted to the medical intensive care unit and transfused 4u packed red blood cells and 1 pack platelets , with a resolution in bleeding and stabilization of hematocrit ( 16 - > 28 ) . 
a portable chest x-ray was done to confirm endotracheal tube placement . 
cancer : no treatment now , you have declined treatment in the past . 
you were covered prophylactically with spinal cord heparin and a proton pump inhibitor . 
wound cultures show multidrug resistence , complicated by you multiple antibiotics allergies . 
should you have any nonsustained ventricular tachycardia or ventricular tachycardia by holter , you should be referred for an chest drain . 
a computed tomography was done which showed only a small collection of blood outside of blood vessels and significantly dilated loops of bowel . 
# code : you were do not resuscitate / dni initially upon admission , however the order was suspended to allow you to go to the operating room . 
over several days , you otherwise continued to make clinical improvements with urine enhancement medicine . 
there was no history of recent physical injury or instrumentation . 
you were recently receiving chemstry drugs therapy whose treatment was halted due to progressive fatigue / weakness . 
you have a history of transient ischemic attack and is on dabbigatran for his atrial fibrillation . 
radiation oncology fellow was called who said that no further imaging is needed urgently and that you will be seen tomorrow morning for probable whole brain radiation . 
heart disease was not suitable to percutaneous coronary intervention and was transferred to hospital1 18 for surgical restoration of perfusion . 
no weakness / numberness of lower extremity ; denied bladder retention or incontinence . 
your right clavicle fracture is not displaced and non operative . 
on review of systems , you have a history of stroke , pulmonary embolism , bleeding with surgery , deep vein blood clot . 
they suggested the use of intravenous ativan might help you with speakless and motionless depression . 
you deny any history of liver disease , blood transfusions , intravenous drug user , or recent travel . 
given your chronic kidney disease , you were unable to get a computed tomography angiography , but your non-contrast helical computerized tomography showed no signs of early stroke and no hemorrhage . 
you also found to have high grade peripheral artery disease in right common femoral artery , highly calcified plaque with 100 % occlusion after superficial femoral artery , and profunda femoris high grade disease . 
upon arrival the emergency department a chest computed tomography was done which showed a marked distended gallbladder . 
informed to contact primary care provider to follow up results as outpatient . 
you have required hospitalization and steroids in the past , but no intubations . 
your water pill dose was increased and on 8 - 13 , your chest x-ray showed a decreased left effuision . 
over your course , you were treated with albuterol / atrovent metered dose inhaler along with inhaled steroids to target chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . 
your inital u / a had > 50 red blood cells in urine . 
you state that you were feeling well prior to the discontinue heartbeat restoring and that subsequently had shortness of breath on exertion as well as shortness of breath at rest . 
seizures resolved with ativan drip and you were then maintained on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale without complication . 
they were able to open her right lower lobe and right middle lobe , though upon trying to open the right upper lobe  and while at 22 % oxygen concentration an airway fire occurred . 
you continued to make steady progress and were discharged to location house on postoperative day 6 . 
decadron was also thought to be compounding your dilerium and thus your decadron was tapered . 
patient was admitted by your primary care provider after you experienced 7 days of melena and had a positive hemoccult test in office . 
right lower extremity infection : blood origined source of recurrent infection not apparent as blood cultures were negative . 
you are a year old woman with h / o mitral stenosis , seizures , and decreased hormones level who is transferred from hospital3 after a 10 day stay there . 
community-acquired pneumonia and still on azithromycin presents after noting a blood sugar of 450 at home and developing pain under her right breast . 
you were readmitted again several days later in month 958 w / similar symptoms and again nothing by mouth . 
you do report some sick but did not vomit . 
after you were stablized on oral meds , you were transfered to the floor . 
patient is a 63 year - old woman with diabetes who presented with chest pain and electrocardiogram changes consistent with acs / nstemi . 
one day prior to transfer to hospital1 18 , patient became breathing too fast . 
chest x-ray showed low lung volumes , increased interstitial markings c / w chronic fibrotic changes , and interstitial edema ; an underlying atypical lung infection can not be ruled out . 
once intubated your sedation was lightened so he could undergo a neurological examination . 
your blood therapy was held because of your concerning cerebellar hemorrhage . 
neuro recommended to get electroencephalogram and to consider lumbar puncture . 
transplant surgery consulted in emergency department , plan for intervention before noon . 
however , low suspicion of sprue given high vitamin b12 and folate levels inconsistent with absorbing disorders . 
on the evening of admission , you again experienced pain however 3 sl nitroglycerin did not improve her symptoms . 
blood pressure ' s in the 80 ' s came up to 90 ' s with gentle bolus . 
you were started on levofloxacin , vanc , flagyl . 
due to the heart movement on his echo you were started on blood clot resistence with warfarin . 
here your initial arterial blood gas demonstrating acute respiratory distress syndrome by p / f ratio of 100 and chest x-ray with b / l lower lobe infiltrates . 
your increase of white blood cell resolved with treatment of urinary tract infection and constipation . 
in the surgical intensive care unit , mean arterial pressure remained in 60s without further boluses . 
initially started on intravenous flagyl / po vanco emperically for possible clostridioides difficile as well as levofloxacin over concern for pneumonia . 
your electrocardiogram was unchanged , but a troponin leak was observed over baseline ( 0 . 35 - 0 . 55 ) with an elevated creatine kinase . 
your nifedipine was increased to nifedipine slow release 90 mg and you were watched on this dose for 24 hours . 
the flow gradually improved with administration of adenosine , diltiazem and nicardipine . 
you had a stress test which showed below and to one side speech therapy changes . 
you were treated with a 7 day course of oral fluconazole . 
azithromycin was stopped and levofloxacin was started on 1 - 28 and should be continued for 10 days . 
respiratory distress : you were intubated and ventilated in intensive care unit . 
58 year old male with past medical history significatn for hypertension , current tobacco use and peripheral vascular disease who presents to outside hospital emergency room on 10 - 3 with chest pain starting at 9 pm radiating to both arms associated with shortness of breath . 
sudden atrial fibrillation while on telelmetry during this hospital stay . 
family was concerned that you had become sleepy , being unusually slow to answer questions and staring off into space . 
esophagogastroduodenoscopy was performed but not amenable to stent across obstruction . 
your initial chest surgery during this admission revealed an methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus empyema . 
gave fluid bolluses to maintained blood pressure , but eventulally ussed pressors to continue to support blood pressure . 
you did go into rapid abnormal heart rhythm on postoperative days 1 and was bolused with amiodarone and started on oral amiodarone , as well , with conversion to sinus rhythm . 
at this time you were taken to the operating room for replacement of the left external ventricular drain catheter . 
this was thought to be the cause of your temporary loss of consciousness . 
neurologic examination at that time revealed eye balls were blown on both side . 
you were started on zydis for delusion before intubation . 
88 year old female admitted to hospital1 with above symptoms . 
you were not receiving intravenous medications so a peripherally inserted central catheter line was ordered for the morning for access . 
you had a push enteroscopy to 140cm which was unrevealing , and no active bleeding or arteriovenous malformation were noted . 
you were continued on by mouth proton pump inhibitor which will be continued as an outpatient . 
despite broad antibiotic coverage the infection spread to the tissues surrounding the anus and more superiorly . 
you were placed on a course of zosyn for thick , yellow airway secretions . 
there is an area of t2 hypointensity in the right brain consistent with hemorrhage , with a mild degree of mass effect exerted upon the fourth ventricle which remained midline in position . 
ongoing work - up for possible related rheumatic diseases thus far negative . 
all narcotics were discontinued due to sensitivity to narcotics and tylenol only was used for pain control . 
you were ruled out for heart muscle infarction and was given 40 mg of intravenous lasix for presumed congestive heart failure exacerbation . 
you were given intravenous fluids , had a line placed and was started on neo - synephrine with stabilization . 
solumedrol was switched to prednisone on 3 - 29 ; you should complete a 12 day taper . 
you are alright with getting pressors and continuing antibiotics , but did not want an arterial line . 
this afternoon , you reported sudden onset of lightheadedness followed by a fall , striking your head but without loss of consciousness . 
switched to by mouth ciprofloxacin to complete a total 3 week course . 
computed tomography angiography was done noting concerns for liver artery narrowing . 
acute pain service was also consulted given his history of long term pain and now with his recent traumatic injury . 
you were treated with vanc , as well as 1 dose of gent . 
# follow up : you ] requires computed tomography belly for evaluation of abscesses 1 - 13 septic emboli from endocarditis as outpatient . 
on day of discharge pain was well controlled , incision was clean / dry / intact , hematocrit was stable at 33 , pain was well controlled . 
in addition , you have two open incisional hernias . 
you were given a dose of vancomycin and ceftriaxone in the emergency room for empirical coverage . 
after the propofol was discontinued , you began having seizure - like jerking of his extremities . 
you initially presented because she thought she was having dark stools and were concerned for a gastrointestinal bleed which you had in the past . 
by the time emergency medical service arrived , you had become ` ` agitated ' ' and were noted to be vigorously moving all limbs with force . 
gastrointestinal / endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography evaluated you and felt that your symptoms were unlikley to be due to cholangitis or biliary obstruction and felt that an endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography was unnecessary . 
operative course was notable for cardiogenic shock which required placement of an intra-aortic balloon pump . 
right hip fracture : you were admitted to medical intensive care unit after intubation in the emergency department awaiting repair for right hip fracture . 
you were advanced to sips and her total parenteral nutrition was continued . 
you were noted to have pauses with low blood pressure when you converted from atrial fibrillation to sinus rhythm . you were started on amlodipine 100 mg once a day and taken off all nodal agents , including metoprolol . 
you were offered bilevel positive airway pressure at night for significant desaturations that occured when you were sleeping but were non - compliant . 
blood dynamically stable with minimal bloody bowel movements since second day of admission . 
today , you visited her primary care provider and could barely walk into the office . 
congestive heart failure : you were not had echo since 11 - 13 , may have had significant decline in ejection fraction given your extended hospitalization and respiratory failure . 
your creatinine continued to rise and you developed anuric kidney failure over the last day of your intensive care unit stay . 
per report , you were driving erratically to dinner and once tripped . 
you should discuss with your tumor doctor and / or primary care provider if you should remain on fluconazole on discharge . 
a chest x-ray did not show a pneumothorax and you were transfered here for further evaluation . 
in the past year you were had multiple recorded systolic blood pressure in the 160 - 180s at various outpatient appointments . 
you had a head computed tomography at the outside hospital which revealved both sided subarachnoid hemorrhage . 
your breathing disorders developed at age 20 and is associated with nasal polyposis and aspirin sensitivity . 
proton pump inhibitor was initiated in the medical intensive unit but stopped given very low concern for upper gastrointestinal bleeding . 
you were also started on daily proton pump inhibitor as well as calcium / vit d supplementation . 
emergency room attending did lumbar puncture felt it was not traumatic . 
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography was consulted as well , and stated you are not candidate for endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography ( anatomy not amenable ) ; would need ir - guided drainage of biliary fluid . 
the right lower lobe collapse was thought to be the most likely cause of her new oxygen requirement . 
you were referred to the cardiac surgery service on 2195 - 4 - 21 , for an emergency coronary artery bypass graft . 
you were continued on lasix 80mg once daily and amiloride . 
your c - collar was cleared by the trauma services and you were then transferred to bone specialist . 
you received blood transfusion at the time and had no reoccurrance of bleeding , with a stable hematocrit . 
upon their recommendations , you were bolused two liters of normal saline and blood pressure were checked . 
there were no brainstem reflexes and you de - satted during cessation of breathing test ( see below ) . 
this was complicated by right mainstem intubation revealed on chest x-ray which was then pulled back intro trachea . 
you had belly pain with no fevers or chills and had a regular bowel movement with no blood and no watery stool . 
in past several years , per heart doctor patent lima - lad , with thrombosed svg - om graft . 
according to your husband you have been under a lot of stress with your 15 month old baby and resuming your job . 
your blood dynamics showed posteroanterior pressures of 56 / 35 , wedge of 31 , cardiac output of 3 . 88 and index of 1 . 86 . 
you also had blood seeping down trachea from above and moderate weak airway walls . 
on the day of admission you had transient chest tightness that responded to nitroglycerin with no change on your electrocardiogram . 
after discharge , it was noted on her microbiology results that you had 10 , 000 giant papillary conjunctivitis in your urine culture . 
you were also started on gabapentin , titrated to 300mg three times a day . 
you will have international normalized ratio and liver function tests followed in the inpatient psychiatric unit after discharge . 
you were briefly admitted to the intensive care unit on a bilevel positive airway pressure then non-rebreather mask . 
following surgery you were transferred to the cardiovascular intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition . 
you were seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy . 
on arrival into our intensive care unit you were found to be profoundly low body temperature with a core body temperature of 88 degree fahrenheit . 
went to her primary care provider where you were noted to have systolic blood pressure in the 80s , chills , clammy skin . 
the belly incision staples clean , dry intact with no superficial reddening of the skin or edema . 
after the ceftriaxone is discontinued , you should be restarted on your amoxicillin prophylaxis . 
you also have extensive bone disease for which you were been on zometa , as well as medical therapy . 
you also developed a allergic reaction on your back , which appeared as abnormal redness of the skin , non - raised target lesions . 
you received several lactated ringer's solution boluses while in the post-anesthesia care unit and had a dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia for pain control . 
you were changed to by mouth pain meds and her calcium values were borderline low so you were started on calcium and vit d . you were able to ambulate and your foley was d / c ' d after which you had not trouble voiding . 
gastrointestinal was consulted who recommended a barium swallow study which showed distal obstruction at the gastroesophageal junction . 
you were 92 % on room air when seen by emergency medical service and started on 2l nasal cannula . 
also there was a failed attempt to pass the nasogastric tube past your stomach , and it remained in your stomach during the admission . 
you also had 1 day of watery stool , which resolved early last week . 
your coumadin were held in the medical intensive care unit given the guiac positive stools and decreased hematocrit . 
overall , the cause of your low blood pressure and low level blood oxygen was unknown . 
you were seen by physical therapy once thoracolumbosacral orthosis brace arrived and rehab was recommended . 
the large lower pole of the om1 was totally blocked by blood clots . 
your condition of different pupils size is likely secondary to arachnoiditis affecting cranial nerves iii as it follows cranial nerves ii . 
heart imaging demonstrated lvef - 55 % with right ventricle dilation and dysfunction consistent with right ventricle strain secondary to acute lung blood clots . 
cultures were drawn and you were found to have several bottles growing methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus . 
continuous positive airway pressure was initiated and your mental status had mild improvement in alertness . 
a third echo was obtained , to specifically look for a shunt ; a ventricular septal perforation was noted on this heart electrical activity detection . 
you tolerated the procedure well , and were extubated , and brought to the recovery room in stable condition . 
you subsequently underwent a large intestine imaging which also showed no source of active bleeding . 
was on single - medication , zestril , as outpatient , though blood pressure control is unknown . 
of note , you were admitted with do not resuscitate / dni status which was reversed for your surgery . 
your congestive heart failure was managed with close fluid status monitoring , heart doctor consultation , and beta blockers . 
you are now s / p prior resection , radiation and undergoing trial with chemotherpay started back in 2201 - 3 - 26 . 
you were then transferred to the vascular intermediate care unit for further recovery . 
you awoke with no neuro demage and were extubated without difficulty . 
patient had a high - grade methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus bacteremia from central venous line sepsis , with last positive blood cultures on 9 - 23 . 
the cause of diseases was thought to be due to platelet clumping seen on smear , although clostridioides difficile infection and amiadarone therapy could not be ruled out . 
you had two intensive care unit transfers while here given her tendancy to drop your oxygen saturation to the 70s on a non-rebreather mask mask with stable blood pressure . 
interventional radiology recommended computed tomography angiography abdomen which showed colonic diverticula but no active bleeding . 
suspected due to nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug use , but its endoscopic appearance on esophagogastroduodenoscopy was also worrisome for malignancy so you will need close f / u after acute therapy to re - esophagogastroduodenoscopy you . 
no vitamin k was given secondary to the patient ' s blood clot prevention needs . 
however , you were restarted sequentially on her home amlodipine , metoprolol , hctz , and lisinopril . 
official catheter report from hospital1 18 pending at the time of this note , but you had successful stenting of your vein graft with basal metabolic rate x3 . 
initally , liver function tests and synthetic function peaked and n-acetyl cysteine was temporarily discontinued but restarted when liver function tests continued to peak . 
the headache was thought to be triggered by pt not following instruction after lumbar puncture , such as bed - rest and high pressure overnight ( up to 220s systolic blood pressure . 
your foley was d / c ' d on 11 - 18 and you were without blood in urine . 
post catheter , you were maintained on aspirin , plavix , lipitor , angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor and metoprolol . 
you recievbed 2 doses of pip / tazo and 1 dose of vanco . 
two jackson-pratt drains were placed , one at the hilum and one posterior to the liver . 
you were transferred from outside hospital floor to intensive care unit after developed low oxygen level in blood w / worsening both side ' s infiltrates on chest x-ray . 
you noticed that your belly has become increasingly distended , and your family noticed that your eyes were becoming increasingly yellow . 
postoperative day number one , you were weaned off of your dobutamine completely . 
this was attributed to effect of medication , and specifically his benzodiazepenes , codeine , and guiafenisen along with scolpamine patch were stopped . 
you remained stable in blood dynamics throughout hospital course and were mentating well . 
international normalized ratio should be closely monitored and coumadin adjusted to the target range , and you should be continued at the facility . 
yesterday the your daughter thought you had fever and urged you to go to the emergency department , but you again refused . 
in the medical intensive care unit a noncontrast computed tomography spine was obtained and was concerning for new fracture above the level of instrumentation . 
anesthesia was called for elective intubation , however you quickly became stable in blood dynamics . 
you were admitted to the transplant surgery service . 
kidney and heart examination were consulted who both felt that your continued increase in creatinine was likely secondary to over diuresis . 
hypertension thought to be secondary to chronic volume overload and significant vessel non - compliance . 
your diminished mental status was felt likely related to brain bleeding ( subarachnoid hemorrhage and a small intracranial hemorrhage ) . 
you then noted after administration of nitro to become unresponsive for 30 seconds . 
heparin was started for blood clots prevention and coumadin was titrated as international normalized ratio was slow to increase to goal international normalized ratio for mechanical mitral valve . 
you received vanc and zosyn empirically and was transferred to hospital1 18 for further care . 
you were stable in blood dynamics and your watery stool was thought to be secondary to 5 - fu . 
your antigen increased to 21 , with a glucose of 300 , and he was transferred to the hospital . 
you were transfused 2 units of blood in the medical intensive care unit and hematocrit increased appropriately . 
a rectal tube was placed resulting in a large bowel movement and a decrease in his abdominal distention . 
you will need followup of international normalized ratio with cessation of lovenox once your international normalized ratio is cured . 
given your severe peripheral vascular disease , vascular insufficiency was also a potential cause of the pain , superficial reddening of the skin , and ulcer formation . 
you underwent heart vessels catheterization and a blood flow restoration surgery with stent placement of the circumflex artery on 2168 - 12 - 30 . 
you were continued on ancef and levo , which was started in the emergency room . 
you were placed on a insulin drip for managment of your diabetes as you were nothing by mouth . 
your urine output was also decreased during this time for which you were bolused with crystalloid and transfused with hespan . 
plan for magnetic resonance imaging without contrast given kidney failure , which was initiated but pt unable to tolerate due to agitation . 
this suggested possible embolic source either from heart or from the veins in legs travelling as paradoxical emboli through a patent foramen ovale or emboli from large vessels . 
however , it was likely worsened by insulin non - adherence as you became more sleepy over the course of the week prior to admission . 
positive for amphetamines , ethanol and cannibus ; you were also with in car with his brother - in - law ( also transferred in ) likewise impaired . 
you weaned from bypass in stable condition with the balloon pump in place . 
came to emergency department today because granddaughter called your cardiologist who recommended evaluation . 
you did well s / p trach and were able to tolerate t - piece without ventilator support . 
it was felt that you were probably experiencing an acute reaction to stress which should improve with time . 
overnight , you had no issues with the exception of difficult pain control despite being on a dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia . 
you were given a proton pump inhibitor for gastrointestinal prophylaxis and a bowel regimen for prevention of tough bowel movements . 
no need for blood x - ray or intervention at this time . 
the patient reports an ongoing cough productive of yellow phlegm for the past two months , but denies any coughing up of blood or recent worsening of this cough . 
during the admission , you were clinically thought to have a vaginal / sigmoid fistula , although this was not demonstrated on computed tomography scan . 
you had elevated troponin without elevated creatine kinase which was felt to be due to demand vs . prior event . 
you were instructed how to care for his drain and will have visiting nursing association at home for further teaching . 
had one drink plus one shot of alcohol , afterwards developed shortness of breath and left arm numbness . 
right upper quadrant ultrasound showed gallbladder wall thickening but no stones in gallbladder or bile ducts , no common bile duct dilation , and question of inside liver bile duct expansion . 
some red dots on skin was noticed on the lower portion of your midline incision and ancef was continued . 
of note , last month you had b / l groin repair which was uncomplicated . 
you were given 6 liters of intravenous fluids and transiently started on dopamine for a systolic blood pressure in the 80 . s 
chest x-ray was clear , computed tomography abd / pelvis showed no acute abdominal process ( wet read ) , but ground - glass is lack of transparency at the lung bases . 
on final read of initial chest imaging and medical intensive care unit review lungs infection was felt less likely . 
you were on vancomycin at that time but sister did not think patient was administering it appropriately . 
you also have a graft in the left upper extremity which has clotted multiple times . 
68 year - old male with recently diagnosed hypertension and liver mass admitted for blood dynamics monitoring from membrane bleed after liver biopsy . 
your lack of enough healthy red blood cells was improving without additional transfusions by the time of discharge . 
# followup - chest x-ray should be obtained 6 weeks after discharge regarding resolving infx . 
magnetic resonance imaging was obtained revealing a contrast enhancing mass in the brain tissue . 
you received insulin training prior to discharge and will have visiting nursing association at home for furhter training . 
the belly computed tomography was normal , chest computed tomography showed both side lung infection , mediastinal nodes , rt . 
you did experience chest discomfort during admission that reponded to nitroglycerin , and repeat heart biomarkers were again negative . 
you were then referred to radiology for placement of gallbladder drainage through the skin . 
you were given an extra dose of depakote during the hospital and the level at discharge was therapeutic at 57 . 
you were volume revived with normal saline and electrolytes were repleted as necessary . 
will have you obtain a repeat echo in 2 weeks with your outpatient heart doctor to assess for improvement in left ventricular ejection fraction . 
you were additionally found during your stay to have frequent pollution of your sacral bad sores with feces . 
as acute chest syndrome and pulmonary embolism were ruled out , bed bath , statin , heparin were discontinued . 
fen - nutrition you were closely monitered and underwent swallow test . . rehab you were seen by occupational therapy / pt who felt that you needed rehab . 
you were in ventricular fibrillation arrest and was coded , shocked 7 times , intubated and transferred here for urgent heart catheterization . 
remained with reduced muscle tone at both side of lower extremities throughout hospitalization . 
right upper quadrant u / s showed a liver hardness and fluid accumulates in the abdomen , but without evidence of infection of the gallbladder or paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia . 
most of your staples were removed at the time of discharge but a few were left in . 
your evaluation revealed a large frontal scalp laceration with multiple facial fractures , a left collapsed lung with rib fractures , and a c7 fracture . 
you complains of generalized weakness and some fatigue with only minimal ability to walk . 
you received 10 mg vitamin k and protonix in the emergency department . 
in the emergency department nasogastric tube was placed which initially had bright red blood bu then lavaged clear , however pt continued to have bright red blood from nasogastric tube . 
due to the increase of monocytes circulating in the blood on complete blood count differential a bone marrow biopsy was obtained to rule out cancer . 
you were breathing stably and stated on octretide ad midodrine for liver and kidney syndrome . 
emergency medical service found you unresponsive and brought you to the emergency department . 
abdomen u / s negative , chest x-ray revealed some water on the right side lung . 
you were restarted on coumadin , however , given his past medical history , you may not be a candidate for coumadin therapy . 
underwent urgent surgery . intravenous heparization began in the emergency room . 
you failed and actually had a paradoxical reaction to breath in steroids and have been prednisone dependent for 10 years . 
you had an internal jugular line placed and code sepsis intitiated . 
patient was taken to the operating room where you underwent heart bypass surgery to three vessels . 
despite bag ventilation , o2 saturation drops and intubation is attempted . 
you returned to the floor , and had two additional episodes of ventricular tachycardia the following day . 
later in the morning were more oriented , and noted to be primarily angry and doubtful of your diagnosis . 
after a one day stay in the coronary care unit where she was diuresed and weaned of bilaterally equal to a 70 % facemask , she was transferred back to the floor on 10 - 30 . 
you received a stent to the om - 2 and the patient was transferred to the critical care unit for further observation . 
gram negative rod in urine on recent admission , found to be pansensitive ( except to tmp / smx ) k . lung infection . 
all these lab abnormalities downtrended by discharge , at which point he felt totally well . 
81 male with hypertension , dl and dementia presents with low blood pressure and atrioventricular nodal reentry tachycardia . 
tox screen was also positive for cocaine , trichloroacetic acid and acetaminophen . 
blood cultures grew both klebsiella and enterococcus ( two species including vancomycin-resistant enterococcus ) . 
you began walking with physical therapy and by postoperative days # 5 you were able to climb a flight of stairs without difficulty and were cleared for discharge to home . 
the case was complicated by low blood pressure and slow heart rate severe enough to require dopamine infusion . 
with aggressive lungs cleaning , nebs , chest physical therapy your oxygen requirements improved on 3l nasal cannula with oxygen saturations of 96 - 98 % . 
however , it was restarted after your waste product from muscles had trended down with no rebound elevation of the waste product from muscles . 
slight concern for adrenal insufficiency in setting of high doses of intravenous steroids . 
your thoughts of self-harm was slighlty elevated but there was concern over med complicane so your prior dose was resumed . 
68 - year - old male with history of hypertension who presented to hospital3 hospital on 6 - 3 with substernal chest pain and shortness of breath . 
however , once your gastrointestinal bleed continued and you were still not able to breathe , your mother made the decision to make you comfort care . 
persistant mild to moderate intra and extra expansion of liver and gallblader duct was also seen . 
you received three days of antibiotic therapy ( one of vancomycin , two of levofloxacin ) for this procedure . 
you were initially evaluated in an outside hospital where you were found to have injury of breathing muscles and was transferred to hospital1 69 for further work - up . 
you will have visiting nursing association to follow and do wound dressing changes daily . 
you were started on metoptolol and lisinopril prior to discharge . 
you were kept nothing by mouth , given intravenous fluids ; serial hematocrits and abdominal exams were followed closely . 
an low-density lipoprotein level returned elevated at 110 , for which you were initiated on simvastatin at a low dose . 
you did not have significant elevation of liver enzymes , but continued to have incr . 
59 yearo old female paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria hypertension , peptic ulcer disease and left subclavian artery narrowing ? 
you were extubated to bilaterally equal following her bronchoscopy . 
your rate was eventually controlled and the diltiazem drip was stopped . 
you were maintained on the ventilator and was given urine promotion medicine as well as antibiotics with limited clinical improvement . 
your coronary blood vessel imaging showed no significant coronary artery disease and he was electively admitted for mitral valve repair or replacement . 
in emergency department , had a chest x-ray read as excess fluid in the lungs vs . liquids . 
neurology was again re - consulted due to the left upper extremity weakness and you were not waking up after being off sedation . 
911 was activated and emergency medical service returned to the house . 
you underwent heart drain placement to decrease liquids in the brain , but continued to have limited brainstem reflexes . 
no loss of consciousness , single episode bloody vomit on the way to hospital1 18 . 
you were transferred to the floor on postoperative days # 2 and your epicardial pacing wires were discontinued on postoperative days # 3 . 
prothrombin time recommended you have acute prothrombin time as an outpatient . 
you then had mild guiac negative stool and oozing from arterial line site . 
the right sided external ventricular drain was removed after placment of a left frontal external ventricular drain . 
on postoperative day one , aspirin , beta blockade and a statin were resumed . 
you were started on mass transfusion protocol as well as levophed improving your blood pressure to 120s . 
heart doctor was consulted and recommended heart cath as outpatient once acute issues resolved . 
after evaluation in the emergency department , patient was taken urgently to the operating room for removal of dead skin tissue , foreign body removal and packing of the open wound . 
head computed tomography was negative in setting of trauma and supratherapeutic international normalized ratio . 
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography fellow called to floor at 930am for frequent loose bowel movement which appeared to be abnormally dark . 
chest x-ray showed no evidence to suggest lung infection or aspiration . 
you were initially treated with cefepime and vancomycin , renally dosed . 
you presented with upper gastrointestinal bleed , lung infection , sepsis . 
you were treated conservative with fluid hydration , and monitored closely on the rising aspirin level . 
recent computed tomography scan revealed an increasing artery tumor from 6 . 7 to 7 . 8 involving the distal ascending and main artery bending . 
you had a creatine phosphokinase of 91 with a troponin of 0 . 05 . 
a repeat ultrasound of the right arm deep venous blood clot showed that it was a open clot . 
at catheter they first engaged the left and found left circumflex artery with 80 % mid lestion . 
ultrasound performed with evidence of fluid collection along course of atrioventricular graft . transesophageal echocardiogram attempted but had to be aborted due to gagging . 
blood cultures , urine cultures , and chest x-ray were negative . 
this is an 80 year old man on coumadin for a - fib who presented to outside hospital after a seizure . 
admitted for intravenous albumin , antibiotics for possible right upper lobe pneumonia seen on chest x-ray , and fluid optimization . 
emergency medical service was called and you were found to be showing bluish discoloration of the skin and breathing pause at arrival . 
you returned to hospital1 18 for same day admission following your catheter and discharge 1 week earlier . 
you remained not feverish and your blood pressure was well controlled . 
catherization complicated by global heart attack , slow heart rate requring atropine and hypotension requiring dopamine . 
you were subsequently weaned off your nicardipine drip after the re - initiation of your home medicine for high blood pressure . 
from the negative trauma work - up , it is probably safe to say the cause of your loss of consciousness was biological rather than mechanical . 
a family meeting was held to let them know of the results , and they had further discussion with new england organ bank regarding organ donation , which they agreed to . 
patient admitted to hospital1 18 and underwent a heart catheter which revealed left main coronary artery and 2 vessel disease . 
electrocardiogram was remarkable for v5 , v4 heart attack . 
extubated that evening and transferred to the floor on postoperative days # 1 to begin increasing your activity level . 
in addition , human immunodeficiency virus and quantitative immunoglobulin g were checked to rule out immunocompromisedstated . 
# acute lacking red blood cells caused by blood loss : you had significant estimated blood loss during your surgery . 
you were given aspirin , atropine and fluids , his heart rate increased to 80 and his electrocardiogram normalized . 
you were given etomidate and rocuronium pre - intubation and placed on propofol glucose tolerance test . 
the next morning the patient still was not having bowel movements . 
chest x-ray near the time of discharge revealed resolved aspiration lung infection . 
peripherally inserted central catheter blood clots : patient received left peripherally inserted central catheter line on 2111 - 9 - 19 for parenteral antibiotics due to his blood disease . 
no artery tumors , masses or blood clots were seen in the left ventricle . 
you also had shortness of breath during admission , with evidence of blood diseases , and were found to have both sides chest membrane effusions and mild accumulation of liquids in lungs . 
this is a 34 year old right handed man with a history of hypertension who was transferred from an outside hospital with left mucinous cystadenomamiddle cerebral artery stroke . 
you were brought to hospital3 36606 hospital where he was noted to resist suctioning of his endotracheal tube , but was otherwise unresponsive . 
you were transferred to the medical intensive care unit and chest tube was placed for bleeding left lung ; you were subsequently sent to the trauma intensive care unit for further care . 
you were started on electroencephalogram to evaluate for seizures . 
blood diseases likely related to volume depletion and lack of access to free water . 
you were maintained on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale with valium . 
beta blockers and urine promotion medicine were started and you were gently lightened towards your pre - op weight . 
you got up and took some tums with an improvement in these symptoms . 
in the emergency department , initial vital signs notable for low blood pressure to 80s . 
you will need his liver function tests followed as an outpatient . 
you were continued to have chest discomfort several times a week and was seen by heart doctors today . 
you presented to the emergency department where you underwent an esophagogastroduodenoscopy which revealed portal stomach diseases and severe infection of the esophagus but no active bleeding . 
you had similar abnormal heartbeat 6 months after your myocardial infarction / cath in 2146 , that resolved spontaneously . 
you reported that you had been on an alcohol binge for several days , last drink was 3 days prior . 
you received intravenous fluid boluses as needed at keep systolic blood pressure > 90 . . 
you were weaned to nose intubation however his hospital course was complicated by frequent episodes of respiratory distress and lack of oxygen . 
your condition of watery stool is described as soft but not watery . 
of note , you have had on and off arm pain that was non - exertional over the past 3 days . 
you have a chads2 score of 2 and so would indicate blood clots prevention with coumadin if safe after your repeat esophagogastroduodenoscopy in mid - month 958 . . 
it was also mentioned to you to ask your gastrointestinal doctor at your f / u visit if you needed a pill endoscopy . 
once mental status improved , you left american medical association , alcohol profile pending on discharge . 
you were discharged home with visiting nursing association services and the appropriate follow - up appointments . 
computed tomography scan of the head confirmed an infarct in the left main coronary artery territory likely due to abnormal heartbeat . 
echo with preserved global and regional biventricular systolic function ( ejection fraction > 55 % ) . 
you completed a 14 day course of vancomycin for methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus airway infection . 
you received a diagnostic paracentesis which did not reveal spontaneous bacterial peritonitis . 
suspect that much of your presentation now is attributable almost entirely to alcoholic liver infection . 
at the time of discharge your international normalized ratio was 5 . 7 and you were recieving no coumadin . 
you state that he have a history of atrial fibrillation , but you do not take any medication for it . 
computed tomography angiography of the chest showed no clots , but was consistent with accumulation of liquids in lungs . 
your white count and fevers decreased and you were not feverish at discharge . 
initially you were on a dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia for pain control . 
your code status was full code during this admission . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , you were sleepy but awakens to sternal rub is alert and oriented . 
prior to this admission , you were admitted two weeks prior with angina and ruled in for a non-st-elevation myocardial infarction . 
at time of admission , you were complaining of increasing fatigue . 
your heart doctors will monitor your international normalized ratio on discharge . 
heart failure was thought likely secondary to rhesus factor strain but not to acute coronary syndrome . 
you continue to have significant sensation of sleepy and weight loss and will follow - up with your gastrointestinal doctor . 
you were transitioned to spinal cord insulin once the gap was closed . 
you had 12 mm of midline shift with a 30 mm collection of blood outside the brain which was of long standind in appearance . 
given the patients history of liver stiffness and liver disease the liver medical service was consulted who performed an esophagogastroduodenoscopy and found grade 3 bleeding enlarged veins in the esophagus . 
you will complete a 14 day course of vancomycin with hemodialysis dosing . 
as you were not a tissue plasminogen activator candidate given timing of presentation , you were taken to the interventional radiology suite . 
surgery was consulted who felt that you did not have acute infection of the gallbladder and that your right upper quadrant tenderness and liver function tests abnormalities were most likely due to transient passage of a stone . 
you are refusing intubation but according to your health care provider you are a full code . 
you had no further of episodes of bleeding with a stable hematocrit and was deemed stable for discharge home . 
you are being called out to the medical floor for further management of presumed gastrointestinal bleed , blood diseases and etoh liver cliffness . 
creatinine 2 . 9 on admission , which is below previous baseline , but trended up slightly . 
plays golf regularly and on average uses 1 sl nitro every 3 - 4 days which alleviates your heart pain . 
we controlled your pain with oxycodone 2 . 5mg every 4 hours as necessary and acetaminophen 650mg every 6 hours as necessary . 
your international normalized ratio elevated on admission , likely from interaction of coumadin and one of her antibiotics or other new meds . 
the bloody bowel movements were not preceded by worsening condition of watery stool or other symptoms suggestive of an ulcerative colitis exacerbation . 
magnetic resonance imaging was done to r / o cord compression vs collection of pus inside head and was normal . 
at the time of discharge , your blood pressure remained stable with systolic pressures in the 110s - 130s . 
as you also presented with increase of white blood cell , there was concern over localized abscess . 
a digestive system disease was noted and plans were made to readdress with surgery in a month . 
you had accumulation of liquids on both lung after surgery and had chest tubes placed on both lung . 
chest x-ray 2110 - 1 - 11 showed worsening airspace opacities in the right middle lobe and left lower lobe with worsening accumulation of liquids on lungs . 
patient will need to have pulmonary function tests checked as an outpatient . 
you were seen and evaluated by physical therapy and occupational therapy who felt that you were stable to go home with physical therapy and / or occupational therapy services . 
this study revealed mild inflammatory stranding of the terminal portion of the large intestine which was suggestive of diverticulitis . 
you report having chronic pain that is managed by long acting morphine 15 mg up to 4 times per day and a fentanyl patch 75 mcg . 
normal digits and creases and age - appropriate and symmetric tone and reflexes . 
you became low blood pressure to 90 systolic which responded to intravenous fluid boluses up to 110 systolic . 
by the time of discharge on postoperative days 5 the patient was ambulating freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral pain killer . 
pathology and computed tomography imaging was sent from hospital3 for further interpretation . 
foley d / c ' d , diet well tolerated and pain well controlled . 
shoulder pain : the patient complained of left shoulder pain with a restricted passive and active range of motion consistent with adhesive ligaments infection . 
8 ) impaired clot formation : pt has poor synthetic liver function and he was given fresh frozen plasma for procedures . 
your febun was 46 % and fena was 1 % making a prerenal pictures less likely . 
spine surgery was consulted and performed a mediastinum examination for which the sampled lymph nodes were negative for cancer . 
you were given medical device for kidney protection from contrast . 
a obstructive lung disease flair was thought unlikely as you were not wheezing . 
you also had 3 - 4 episodes of several minutes of horizontal double vision . 
most likely due to blood loss in setting of sepsis . 
the suprarenal component of your artery tumor was stable without any change in size over a significant period of time with monitoring . 
patient was initially taken emergently to brain biopsy , and was admitted to the intensive care unit , where concern was for parasite infection vs . central nervous system lymphatic cancer . 
your course was complicated by repeated exacerbations of worsening pneumonia , and excess fluid in the lungs . 
you will follow - up with bone doctor spine clinic on dishcharge . 
you were admitted to the trauma service for further evaluation and treatment of these injuries . 
you were taken here for evaluation and head computed tomography revealed an brain bleed . 
initial whole blood care unit for treatment of low blood sugar . 
patient transfused one unit of packed red blood cells on 6 - 26 with good blood test response . 
patient had one episode of vomiting blood after esophagogastroduodenoscopy but stayed stable in blood supply . 
you were given ten units of insulin and started on an insulin drip . 
you will follow up with your tumor doctor team regarding further treatment . 
you were transferred to the intensive care unit in critical but stable condition . 
belly incision appeared pink at staple insertion sites on right side where you also had some swelling and pain to touch . 
esophagogastroduodenoscopy revealed multiple non - bleeding erosions in antrum , non - bleeding ulcer in stomach . 
37 year - old man transferred from outside hospital after being struck by car while intoxicated with alcohol and traveling on a bicycle . 
in the emergency department , the patient reported chest pain only with cough . 
on sunday you report worsening in your symptoms and shortness of breath , dyspnea on exertion , air hunger , fever and / or chills and sweats . 
you were started on quetiapine initially for suspected icu - related disturbance in mental abilities . 
the patient also was given intravenous acyclovir prior to presentation to hospital1 18 in case the patient ' s clinical picture represented epstein barr virus brain infection . 
you went to your regularly scheduled lung doctor follow up appointment today , where you were found to be hypoxic to 75 % on 4lnc after walking in from the car . 
stroke thought secondary to atrial fibrillation , not on coumadin . 
computed tomography scans of head were done which just showed age related volume loss but no acute abnormalities . 
an nasogastric tube and rectal drain were placed during the operation . 
you were transferred to the special care floor for further recovery . 
you are a 77 year old female with a history of coronary artery disease s / p coronary artery bypass graft , insulin dependent diabetes , high blood pressure , high blood fat and difficulty in swallowing , who present with an episode of right sided chest pain . 
by post - operative day # 5 , you were alert and oriented and back to baseline mental status . 
you maintained a normal heart rhythm rhythm without atrial or ventricular abnormal heartbeats . 
you carry a diagnosis of urothelial cancer , which reportedly had been causing an obstructed left ureter . 
following the medication , you were able to be aroused and have conversations , but was sleepy . 
you are admitted to the medical intensive care unit for further evaluation of your abnormal heart rhythm with rapid ventricular rate and shortness of breath . 
you report 2 - 14 lifetime episodes , each time a / w chest pressure and shortness of breath , which started a few months ago while at a rehab facility . 
this gastrointestinal process would explain the elevated lactate and subsequent low blood pressure from septic shock , though the pattern is strange and does not coincide with an restriction in blood supply pattern or any particular disease process . 
within 24 hours , you awoke with no damage to nervous system and was removed ventilator without incident . 
69 y / o male with h / o abnormal heart rhythm , narrow heart artery valve , and coronary artery disease who is now having increased symptoms of shortness of breath on exertion . 
the circumflex was large with a tubular 70 % stenosis of mid vessel and a long 70 - 80 % stenosis before the left patent ductus arteriosus . 
later on operation day you were weaned from sedation , awoke with no damage to nervous system and removed ventilator . 
you are fever to 102 . 6 , have an elevated white blood cell count , have a palpable gallbladder , and appear to be suffering from frank sepsis . 
sputum revealed moderate growth of microorganisms flora in mouth ; no microorganism were isolated . 
45 year - old male with unknown medical history found down , slumped over against a building . 
patient is 32 year old you with inflammatory bowel disease on cyclosporine who developed a headache six days ago , and now presents today with bizarre behaviors according to your mom . 
lights , noise , and head movement intensify the discomfort , as does exertion ( eg coughing and sneezing ) . 
in the intensive care unit , cyclosporin levels were checked every morning and cyclosporin was reused if level < 100 as per one marrow transplantation records . 
per outside hospital report , tox screen was positive for opiates . 
this was not further evaluation on this hospitalization given the patients emergent illness . 
no new areas of less dense than normal seen with slightly enlarged leftward shift . 
you have known bone disease and will follow - up with your primary care provider for this problem . 
your chest discomfort has been easily seen to you for the past two years , but currently is occurring on a daily basis . 
you admitted to shortness of breath while in the erectile dysfunction , denied any belly pain , sick , vomiting , or watery stool . 
given cocaine use , could also consider heart attack with heart shock . 
lungs and under skin chest tubes to suction w / blood liquid drainage . 
an magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance angiography showed brain bleeding in the brain tissue with decreased flare in the left internal carotid artery . 
outpatient ultrasound diagnosis is recommended as outpatient for further workup . 
evaluated by neuro surgent and bone injuries , internal brain blooding and fractures deemed non - operable . 
you were tolerating by mouth without difficulty and placed back on all of your home medicine . 
on transfer to the floor your insulin was changed to 30u insulin pen every night at bedtime to avoid low blood sugar . 
you are a 74 year - pld man who presented to hospital6 3872 with increased difficulty in breathing on exertion and worsening exertional chest pain since one month . 
ear, nose, and throat did not think this was operable and wanted to initiate radiation to help shrink the tumor and airway block . 
you initially were placed on vanco and / or cefepime for possible blood diseases ( lactate up to 3 . 4 on 2145 - 1 - 17 ) . 
you are a patient with multiple medical problems who has been followed by the foot recovery service for a nonhealing right fifth toe ulceration which has been refractory to conservative treatment for over the last 6 weeks . 
you were subsequently stabilized , and transferred back to the no surgery needed floor for continued management . 
you were made comfortable and you expired several hours later . 
we ordered a kidneys , ureters , and bladder x-ray for you to evaluate for obstruction , given the length of diffuculty in defecating . 
we started you on combination antibiotic daily for pneumocystis pneumonia prophylaxis given your cluster of differentiation 4 count of 55 . 
you returned to your baseline state for roughly one week when she awoke with crampy lower belly pain . 
you are currently complainign of pain in the implicit vein graft cleaning site . 
after extensive discussion with family , the decision to defer coronary artery bypass graft was made by you based on high risk of peri - operative mortality . 
you were recently diagnosed with heart disease and enlargement of the aorta on heart electrical activity detection in 2104 - 5 - 22 . 
several blooding prevention pads were applied to you with poor control of bleeding . 
you are a 63 - year - old female hospitalized at an outside hospital on 5 - 1 with several coughing and spitting sputum . 
you were on max dopa and painkiller added for support . 
with you living alone at home and legally blind , personal cleanliness and medication compliance are issues . 
you underwent a breathing examination on 10 - 14 , which showed 40 % anterior movement of the posterior airway wall during breathing , as well as almost complete obstruction of the left and right main bronchi during breathing . 
you spent the night on continuous positive airway pressure room air and satting 98 % . 
you possibly have a small abnormal connection between two hollow spaces from teh right coronary artery and left main to pulmonary artery or lung membrane . 
you underwent computed tomography abdomen and / or belly which revealed no evidence of retroperitoneal internal blooding . 
you received cefepime 2gm , vancomycin 1gm , furosemide 100mg intravenous once , aspirin 325mg by mouth once . 
you were removed from ventilator within 2 hours of arrival to cardiovascular intensive care unit with pain control an issue post operatively . 
you had a urinary drainage tube , right chest tube , jackson-pratt drain and an nasogastric to suction . 
you were operated a procedure that restores a normal heart rhythm during admission and aggressively weak in the coronary care unit . 
you have been on coumadin for one month since last deep vein thrombosis . 
you are a 67 year old female s / p rollover motor vehicle crash you were a restrained driver . 
you were instructed to weigh yourself daily and report > 3 lb weight gain to your doctor . 
your chest membrane was initially held until it was shown your hematocrit were stable . 
you were given 2mg intravenous ativan and used ventilator for airway protection . 
there was considerable change in measurements - an arterial line was attempted for invasive monitoring without success . 
you has been worked up with an magnetic resonance imaging scan that shows the tight posterior fossa with inferior displacement of parts of the cerebellum to the level of c1 . 
you are recommended to increase atenolol dose if you becomes high blood pressure above goal blood pressure after discharge . 
an bone joint surgery was performed to you showing high white blood cell count and cultures grew out giant papillary conjunctivitis . 
as these gastroesophageal reflux disease type symptoms seem to be occurring with more frequency , you sought consultation with your primary physician who started you on aspirin , atenolol and omeprazole . 
heart catheter revealed severe 3 vascular disease with preserved ejection fraction . 
h / o pneumonia : while in surgical intensive care unit , you used ventilator and sputum cervix grew coag + staph aureas and e . coli ( pan sensitive ) . 
gastrointestinal was notified and you were sent to the mobile intensive care unit for further care . 
as volume was added , you were kept on phenylephrine to keep systolic blood pressure > 85 . 
your labs were noteable for creatinine of 1 . 5 , sodium of 132 , white blood cell of 12 . 9 . 
your white blood cell did trend down , and you remained not feverish and stable . 
you received bicarb and / or mucomyst pretreatment for catheter and the angiotensin-converting enzyme was held . 
your family and healthcare professional did not want any further interventions , so you were made do not resuscitate and / or do not intubate and comfort measures only . 
in the emergency department , you arrived abnormally rapid breathing to the 40s , using your accessory muscles , and saturating in the 80s . 
each day , 125 mg of solu - medrol intravenously times one and 6 units of regular subcutaneous insulin . 
patient and donor are cytomegalovirus negative and a positive . 
of note , your wife is very angry about the fact that you was released to home from gastrointestinal procedure suite today . 
another esophagogastroduodenoscopy was performed hd7 where a bipolar circumactive probe probe was applied to the bleeding portion of the lesion with cessation of the bleeding . 
you went to the emergency department and was deemed low risk for injury and were discharged home . 
you were scheduled for outpatient magnetic resonance venography to evaluate for access for future chemo sessions and will likely need chest port . 
of note , there was no evidence of focal and segmental glomerulosclerosis which would be present in the setting of human immunodeficiency virus nephropathy , nor was there any evidence of high blood pressure nephropathy and thus angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors were not initiated . 
treatment was initiated with antibiotics ( ceftriaxone , levoquin ) for pneumonia , and steroids for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flare . 
you developed chest pain on postoperative days # 1 and cardiac enzymes were positive . 
79 year old man with extensive cardiac and surgical history who is transfered from outside hospital for chest pain . 
on postoperative days five you were also noted to have a small amount of drainage from the lower most pole of your chest incision . 
you had a brief period of supraventricular tachycardia and / or flutter and lasix 20 mg intravenous was repeated - > excessive production of urine 1300 cc ' s in total . 
transesophageal echocardiogram showed ebsteins anomaly with markedly dilated right atrium and / or right ventricle with focal right ventricle abnormal decrease in muscular movement , severe tricuspid regurgitation , small left ventricle with focal inferior abnormal decrease in muscular movement with ejection fraction > 60 % , trace mitral regurgitation  , no aortic insufficiency . 
your echo showed mild basal inferolateral abnormal decrease in muscular movement with ejection fraction > 55 % . 
longstanding left foot ulcer with recent imaging at outside hospital showing infection of bone per reports . 
in the emergency department , you had abnormally rapid heart rate , lack of oxygen on room air on arrival . 
per your report you was reccently started on a new medication for your myasthenia gravis ( mestinon 30 myasthenia gravis four times each day ) earlier in the week . 
you have had chest pain since your catheterization in 2168 about once a month w / exertion but notes that it resolves quickly w / rest . 
you are a 52 year old man with known coronary artery disease s / p inferior myocardial infarction ( 2089 ) and stenting in 2090 and 2096 . 
postoperative days 1 found you away from ventilator , alert and oriented and breathing comfortably . 
you were ordered for 2 units packed red blood cells ( not given due to difficult crossmatch ) , crossmatched 4 units . 
cultures were sent to you , and urinalysis was suggestive of urinary tract infection . 
postoperative hematocrit was low and you were transfused packed red blood cells with good effect . 
echo was performed to you that demonstrated mildly dilated left atrium , left ventricle systolic function moderately depressed w / an abnormal decrease in muscular movement if the entire septum and inferior wall , and 1 + mr . 
on post - operative day 4 a computed tomography scan revealed worsening effusion and the patient again was taken for video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery with evacuation of blood inside chest . 
you were recently noted to have a rise of your carcinoembryonic antigen and on 2184 - 6 - 4 underwent a computed tomography scan of the abdomen and pelvis which demonstrated metastatic disease in segments 4 and 5 of the liver . 
later that day you had elevation of intracranial pressure to 30s it was decided to bring her to the operating room for a right temporal clot evacuation with brain surgery . 
a computed tomography angiography of the neck was completed which showed no significant carotid artery narrow . 
you had persistent secretions and were given guaifenesin w / codeine on a as necessary basis as a mucus dissolving . 
an epidural and patient-controlled analgesia were provided to you for pain control . 
chest x-ray showed poor inflation of the lungs with enlarged heart borders consistent with your pericardial efussion . 
84 m russian speaking , h / o coronary artery disease ( s / p right coronary artery and left anterior descending stenting 2186 ) , type 2 diabetes , hypertension , chronic kidney disease , h / o recurrent aspiration pneumonia , who presents with acute onset of shortness of breath from nursing home . 
you were evaluated by the heart doctor fellow who transfered you from outside hospital to here to be cathed . 
liver failure - you with hepatitis c viru cirrhosis , progressive metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma , and portal vein thrombosis . 
given concern for a pancreatic cancer , ampulla , or common bile duct , or porta hepatis nodes causing occasional biliary obstruction , you were admitted to an outside hospital 3 - 31 for further w / u . 
you were admitted to the mobile intensive care unit for a reduced amount of blood flow in the setting of bradycardia with concern for cardiogenic low blood pressure or evolving sepsis . 
percentage of red blood cell and blood pressure remained stable for the remainder of your stay . 
hepatology saw you with plan for colonoscopy in the before noon . 
you were transfused total of 7 units and hematocrit stabalized at 30 . 
you arrived with ventilator and was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit . 
on postoperative days one and two , you remained in the intensice care unit for blood supply support . 
your red blood cells percentage remained stable after the colonoscopy , you tolerated full diet and did not have any further episodes of bloody bowel movements . 
you went to primary care provider office on 7 - 29 with one month of watery stool and shortness of breath typical of her chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flares . 
however , after extensive discussion , given your overall improvement , and national institutes of health stroke scale less than 10 , it was decided not to take you for intra-arterial tissue plasminogen activator or clot retrieval . 
this is a age over 90 y / o female with a history of a condition in which her thyroid gland doesn ' t produce enough of certain crucial hormones who presented to the hospital with worsening lower extremity edema and new onset atrial fibrillation . 
two large bore intravenous were placed and you were made nothing by mouth . 
however , dilantin was discontinued after last twelve months revealed normal activity . 
you were treated with antibiotics for his lungs infection as well . 
you were neurologically intact and blood supply is stable , weaned from inotropic and antihypotensive medicine support . 
in the intensive care unit , you were continued on a pantoprazole glucose tolerance test , transitioned to hospital1 on the floor . 
you with transient high blood pressure thought to be due to fluid mobilization after aggressive fluid hydration . 
patient is a 52 y / o male who resides in prison was transferred to hospital1 18 from hospital hospital via ambulance with a known brain bleeding . 
oral medicine were held except midodrine which you were tolerating by end of intensive care unit stay . 
the medical examiner decided to take your case for a durable medical equipment given the your recent spinal cord surgery at new england baptist hospital and your condition of low blood platelet count and your young age . 
you received 30 minutes of chest compressions which may have been suboptimal as a heart supporting device was being placed . 
female with past medical history significant for congestive heart failurecontinuous , coronary artery disease s / p coronary artery bypass graft , and chronic kidney disease presenting with congestive heart failurecontinuous exacerbation complicated by last name on chronic kidney disease requiring initiation of hemodialysis . 
white blood cell count increased from 11 on admission to 17 the following day , though she remained not feverish . 
while on the medical floor , nasogastric tube was replaced given worsening of your belly pain and distension . 
given your history of extended spectrum beta-lactamase in the past , you were covered with imipenim and gentamicin . 
you were started on gabapentin and a lidocaine patch . 
you spiked a temperature of 102 in the emergency department and received acetaminophen . 
you are a 28 year old female with type i diabetes mellitus who presents to medical intensive care unit for diabetic ketoacidosis # diabetic ketoacidosis : you presented with high blood sugar , acidosis with anion gap , and ketones in urine consistent with diabetic ketoacidosis . 
you were hydrated with 1 liter normal saline prior to the study . 
you were on ceftazidine and levaquin after removing ventilator and was transferred to the medical floor prior to discharge . 
you were diuruesed , but continued to require high levels of fraction of inspired oxygen and positive end-expiratory pressure . 
you have been having shortness of breathing for the past month and is followed in heart failure clinic by doctor . 
heart doctor was consulted and felt that the electrocardiogram was not concerning for a new heart event . 
the baby was extracted with abnormal position in fetus with significant bruising of the extremities . 
then was per emergency medical service confused , unable to follow commands , aggitated , but apparently oriented to time of day and place . 
right upper quadrant ultrasound showed evidence of gallstone disease with no evidence of infection of the gallbladder , but no portal vein blood clot . 
according to emergency medical service , during entire transport , you were nonverbal and nonresponsive . 
your oral painkiller was increased and additional painkiller was added to your medical treatment . 
# diabetes type ii ( a1c 11 . 2 in 3 - 7 ) you were on injury severity score plus long acting while in house and were discharged on home regimen of insulin for continued pneumocystis carinii pneumonia follow up . 
you became low blood pressure to systolic blood pressure 60s and were given intravenous fluids normal saline 400cc which brought up your blood pressure to systolic blood pressure 130s . 
you were weaned off hypertension, hypervolemia, and hemodilution therapy and transferred to step down on 6 - 27 , when your sutures were also removed . 
evidence of heart disease flattening on computed tomography chest report and on focused assessment with sonography for trauma u / s in emergency department with right ventricle dysfunction . 
computed tomography scan revealed large fluid and / or air space collection with mass effect , differential diagnosis includes infection mass . 
you were given continuous positive airway pressure followed by bag mask breathing support . 
diabetes mellitus : you are currently being managed well on normal pressure hydrocephalus and a regular insulin sliding scale . 
direct antiglobulin test was positive for anti - sdh , which according to the blood bank , was not enough to account for what would have been the degree of destruction of red blood cells needed for the lack of response . 
blood pressure improved with intravenous fluids and has remained stable for days prior to discharge without additional fluid boluses . 
your liver function test ' s improved daily with aspartate transaminase decreasing to 28 , alanine transaminase 55 , alk alkaline phosphatase 115 , and t . bili 1 . 8 . 
your bicarb intravenous fluids were discontinued as it was felt she was resolved from her overdose . 
# hypoglycemia : you have no history of diabetes or taking oral or subcutaneous diabetes medications . 
81 y / o male with a history of atrial fibrillation , heart failure c / b recurrent transudative pleural effusions presenting with acute respiratory distress following chest diseases . 
ob / gyn had also been consulted , and performed a bedside ultrasound . 
you were brought emergently to the operation room a right sided brain surgery for evacuation of blood . 
during that hospitalization you were admitted with concern for st elevation myocardial infarction , but had a catheter with nonocclusive coronary artery disease and only narrowing of the arteries . 
the high blood pressure was eventually controlled by re - instituting your regular medications and increasing your dose of lisinopril . 
dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia was used postoperatively to control pain , then transitioned to oral painkiller . 
metabolic acidosis : you had an anion gap acidosis which remained unchanged throughout your admission , likely from urine disease and / or lactic acid from blood disease . 
vomited small amount of bright red blood in emergency department . 
revision failed , however , thoracic surgery reported a large area of dead tissue with difficulty localizing the anterior wall of the windpipe . 
you were initially treated in the intensive care unit and received three adenosine monophosphate of bicarbonate . 
you waxed and waned in her mental status , which was likely delerium related to your myocardial infarction and infection . 
imaging revealed mild to moderate reversible defects in the left anterior descending and patent ductus arteriosus territories . 
your only physical complaint was of heartburn , no worse than her usual acid reflux symptoms . 
per emergency department report , emergency medical service gave you dose of intramuscular epinephrine , benadryl , and nebs . 
you have developed right sided reproducible chest pain non - pleuitic but worse with coughing and soreness of her lower ribs / abd muscles with coughing . 
on review of systems , you deny any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , blood clot in deep vein , blood clot in lungs , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , coughing up blood , black stools or red stools . 
you were noted to have few initial bleeding from the midportion of your sternal incision . 
a heparin glucose tolerance test was started several times throughout your hospital stay but had to be held because of a dropping hematocrit , hematuria or subcutaneous hematoma . 
the physical therapy service was consulted for assistance with your strength and mobility after surgery . 
you did well after surgery , with no major complications . 
you presented this time with shortness of breathing and swallowing difficulties , which started this afternoon occuring mutliple times per hour . 
heart doctor was consulted and determined that catheter was not indicated at this time given recent gastrointestinal bleed . 
you had a bone marrow test performed on that day as well . 
you initially tolerated away from ventilator well however gradually experienced more respiratory distress and started on a morphine drip and scopalamine patch . 
you improved neurologically , was seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy and found to require acute health restoring prior to discharge to home . 
you also endorses subjective fevers and chills but deny shortness of breathing , cough , painful urination , n / v / d , night sweats , sick contacts , runny nose , sinus congestion , headache . 
you initially required aggressive lungs cleaning with hourly suctioning . 
you recently had stent placed , increasing his risk for a gastrointestinal infection source . 
you and your family have expressed an interest in getting his follow up care in nursing home , closer to home . 
later that same day you went to endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography for a biliary stent was placed successfully across the cystic duct opening in the common bile duct with the distal stent in the duodenum . 
you are a 71 year - old woman with metastatic kidney cell carcinoma diagnosed in 3 - 22 and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease being transferred to the hospital s / p left radical nephrectomy for respiratory monitoring . 
your prostatic test was scheduled due to a recently elevated prostate-specific antigen of 7 . 2 . 
a computerized axial tomography scan at the outside hospital revealed a 0 . 5 cm left frontal contusion . 
age over 90 year old female with history of dementia , depression , hypertension and dyslipidemia transferred from nursing home with bright red blood per rectum . 
you received a total of 2 units packed red blood cells during her stay , and responded well to these transfusions . 
a kidneys, ureters, and bladder x-ray was done for belly distension and tympanitic exam which showed possible bowel obstruction . 
you were initially admitted to the medical intensive care unit and was transferred to the floor on 2158 - 5 - 4 . 
you developed lack of sharpness of vision on 2140 - 2 - 8 , a head imaging scan at that time was without abnormalities . 
a head computed tomography showed calcifications in pons with no development of secondary malignant growths at a distance from a primary site of cancer . 
you went for repeat tap by interphalangeal joint , but they could not see an area to tap on ultrasound , and decided to bronch your instead with bronchoalveolar lavage . 
you presented with an hematocrit of 23 . 2 , and required a total of 10 units of packed red blood cells while in the intensive care unit to maintain hematocrit . 
once hematocrit stabilized , you were transferred out of the surgical intensive care unit to the med - doctor floor . 
47 year old female with 1 week of upper respiratory infection treated with arithromycin , sent to emergency room by pneumocystis pneumonia with rapid atrial fibrillation , subsequently had respiratory arrest and was put on ventilator and sent to coronary care unit . 
repeat head computed tomography after 24 hours showed no progression of subdural hematoma . 
however , your breathing status markedly improved and he his on refractory anemia , and there was no indication for further work - up . 
you had follow up two days later along with labs drawn , which showed an acute hematocrit drop to 14 . 1 . 
you were continued on lisinopril and half of her home dose of toprol xl with good effect . 
you transferred to hospital1 18 due to high risk of rebleeding , possibly requiring a transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt . 
differential diagnosis at that time included sepsis , disseminated intravascular coagulation medication side effect and heparin-induced thrombocytopenia . 
you were found to be having higher than normal potassium level in your blood , so he was given albuterol , insulin 10 u , and glucose , and his repeat glucose was 18 . 
abdominal exam remained good and you tolerated heart , healthy diet . 
you were also found to have extremely weak ability of blood coagulating and low blood platelet count with a number of areas that were oozing . 
you were restarted on your home dose of aspirin , and will likely require lifetime medical treatment , although this may be able to be titrated downward in the future . 
you have had chronic episodes of black tarry stool and bright red blood per rectum , however , on the afternoon of admission , you felt that you were feeling increasingly weak , almost lost consciousness and did not recall if you actually passed out or fell asleep . 
your headaches were controlled on fioricet and you were considered fit for discharge . 
it was decided after your second condition of blood outside of a blood vessel while on anticoagulation , the risks of anticoagulation outweigh the benefits at this time and you were not anticoagulated . 
an echo performed revealed mitral valve prolapse with severe mitral regurgitation . at the request of your family you are transferred to hospital3 . 
you had grade ii dilated blood vessels expansion and was started on nadolol as above . 
at time of call - out to floor there was no evidence of active or large volume bleeding and you had improvement in belly pain . 
this was a spontaneous twin pregnancy that was uncomplicated until mom was noted to develop some neck bone shortening . 
head computed tomography revealed a large r epidural collection of blood outside of a blood vessel with 13mm midline shift and uncal herniation . 
you underwent a second lung scoping which revealed a moderate sized blood clot at the left and right main stem bronchi . 
you felt well for a few days , but returns with worsening shortness of breath as well as new cough and wheezing . 
computed tomography angiography head was performed which showed subarachnoid hemorrhage and l mucinous cystadenomamiddle cerebral artery aneurysm . 
per brief discussion with health care practitioner , patient is an avid musician and plays the trumpet . 
blood pressure ' s were borderline in the emergency department ; you received a total of 1 l normal saline . 
adenosine was pushed without resolution of your high heartbeat rhythm , presumed sinus high heartbeat rhythm . 
head computed tomography repeated here and showed a 1 . 7 x 0 . 9 cm frontal contusion in addition to the subarachnoid hemorrhage and subdural hematoma seen on the prior study . 
the kidney service was consulted for peritoneal dialysis recommendations . 
you took 2 tylenol for the pain but it quickly returned so she presented to outside hospital . 
- you will be discharged to home hospice and will stop receiving hemodialysis treatments . 
delivery was performed by incision in belly for high blood pressure and deficiency of amniotic fluid . 
you were started on coumadin in recent months but her international normalized ratio has been therapeutic since initiation of therapy . 
x - rays showed three synchronous pathological changes in the right upper lobe . 
you were continued on prednisone and alb / atrovent nebs until it was determined that pain relief was the goal of care . 
a neurology consult recommended to pursuing dilantin treatment , obtain an electroencephalogram to evaluate for epileptogenic sites and start thiamine supplements and aspirin . 
53 y / o male transferred from outside hospital for surgical evaluation . 
# st-elevation myocardial infarction you had initially presented to the emergency department with chest pains and was observed overnight . 
you were noted to have a right sided paralysis with the head turned to the left as well as a loss of ability to understand or express speech . 
bystanders found you to be unresponsive / pulseless and initiated cardiopulmonary resuscitation for 10 minutes . 
you were weaned from sedation , awoke and was removed from ventilator on postoperative day 1 and she continued to progress . 
you eventually agreed to hemodialysis and tunnel catheter placed by insulin resistance interventional in radiology spinal cord on 2171 - 4 - 4 . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , you are intubated and sedated . 
post - operatively you were taken intubated to the surgical intensive care unit where you weaned off neosynephrine within 18 hours . 
you originally presented to hospital3 where computed tomography scan demonstrated a pancreatic pseudocyst . 
your bicarb glucose tolerance test was changed to normal saline per kidney doctor recommendations , and was then changed just to partial parenteral nutrition as she was felt to be euvolemic and did not require more fluid resuscitation . 
you were weaned off levophed in the emergnecy department with stable blood pressure in the 110s . 
you were taken to outside hospital emergently , were intubated in the field . 
you were treated for health care-associated pneumonia with vancomycin / cefepime for an 8 day course . 
subsequently your vanc was d / c as patient responded to daptomycin . 
heart rate were better controlled and you did not have episodes of low blood pressure . 
it is also possible that you had excess fluid in the lungs in response to high blood pressure , as your systolic blood pressure was 215 / 115 in the emergency department on admission . 
you did not require any benzos per clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale and were felt to be at low risk of withdrawal given recent detox . 
apparently , you checked this online and self - referred to the emergency department . 
you instructed to have close follow up with pneumocystis pneumonia for measurement of hematocrit and international normalized ratio levels . 
you were started on an initial fluroquinolone regimen and then changed to meropenem , before finally settling on imipenem regimen . 
negative computed tomography angiography ruled out lungs blood clot , but showed bilateral lower lobe collapse due to collapse of an entire lobe . 
you should have daily international normalized ratio checks as he completes a seven - day antibiotic course ( levo will potentiate coumadin activity ) and should have qod international normalized ratio checks thereafter until you are stabilized on a coumadin dosing schedule . 
per your primary care provider the computed tomography was read as worrysome for a malignant neoplasm of the lung arising from the epithelium of the bronchus or bronchiole . 
year old male w / hx of squamous cell carcinoma s / p radiotherapy used in cancer treatment who presents with shortness of breath , oxygen deficiency in tissues and multifocal pneumonia . 
you were ultimately transitioned to a dilaudid patient-controlled analgesia to help determine his narcotic requirements . 
you had symptoms to suggest a pulmonary embolism - no pleuritic chest pain . 
you were rate controlled as above and also were started on afterload reduction with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor(s) and you were diuresed with lasix intravenous . 
incentive lung ability test and lung cleaning were continued and youremained not feverish without an elevated white blood cells count . 
peritoneal dialysis catheter placement was unsuccessful due to bleeding and adhesions . 
infection felt to be unlikely given that patient was not feverish w / o any localizing signs , elevated white blood cells count . 
you were had blood filtering 9 - 11 and was transfused with packed red blood cells for decreased proportion of red blood cells in blood . 
digoxin loaded with rate control and subsequent conversion to normal sinus rhythm . 
your amlodipine was increased to 10mg daily because of ongoing hypertension . 
approximately 1 month ago you had a swollen cervical gland . 
after recovering in the post-anesthesia care unit , you were tranferred to the surgical intensive care unit and the occult blood team followed in your care . 
c - spine negative , you were found to have an urinary tract infection , which is treated with levaquin . 
in the emergency department you were noted to have a temperature of 101 and low blood pressure to 83 / 53 which improved with 2 l intravenous fluids . 
her oxygen saturation  responded to 6l fm and her breathing became more comfortable . 
the patient was admitted and had an airway computed tomography which showed high - grade narrowing of the windpipe at level of the neck junction , corresponding to a site of prior breathing tube insertion . 
work - up of potential infectious etiologies included blood cultures , u / a and urine culture , and chest x - ray . 
your history and presentation was consistent with dextromethorphan intoxication . 
given a remote history of intravenous drug user , liver infection test were sent , hepbsab ( + ) and hepc pending at discharge . 
according to emergency medical service(s) , during entire transport , you were nonverbal and nonresponsive . 
heart doctor was consulted and felt presentation was unlikely to represent past heart failure between the last month of pregnancy and 5 months post delivery with no determinable cause . 
you were sent to hospital1 18 for the process of restoring lost water , stool for culture , o and ova and parasites , hospital1 , repeat complete blood count , also concern for pneumocystis pneumonia / tb / lymphoma . 
urinalysis was negative for infection , thoughts of self-harm was checked which was low thought t4 was normal . 
you continued to have nausea / vomiting but was non - bloody gallbladder infenction caused vomiting wo without grounds or frank . 
you were started on empiric metronidazole on admission and stool samples sent for c different toxin assay . 
rotoblation was attempted , however complicated with wire fracture and right coronary artery perforation . 
patient with hep c / etoh hard liver on transplant list with adnexal masses found during transplant workup . 
occipital mass on magnetic resonance imaging you were found to have a right - sided occipital lesion that was new from prior studies . 
an xray of bother sites were obtained - negative for fracture . 
you were stable in blood supply without deficiency of oxygen and was phonating well , and protecting his airway , and was brought in by ambulance . 
you were given 3 more units of fresh frozen plasma and 1u packed red blood cells and you were transferred to the intensive care unit for monitoring , and to await airway scoping by interventional pulmonology . 
you required precedex to allow for vent weaning and were removed from ventilator shortly thereafter without difficulty . 
you went into abnormal heart rhythm for which you were seen by electrophysiology , cardioverted and started on amiodarone . 
cultures at the rehab facility were positive for gram negative blood bacteria infection in your sputum . 
you urine output in post-anesthesia care unit reached a low of 17 cc / hour but averaged 20 - 30 cc / hour overnight . 
a chest x - ray showed marked enlarged heart and congested accumulation of fluid in the lungs . 
you acute heart issues had resolved and she was called out to the medicine service . 
you continued to decompensate and was taken to the operating room for an ex - lap as your lactate continued to rise in the setting of low blood pressure ; the thought was that you likely had inadequate flow of oxygenated blood to the intestines . 
you were transferred to the child support recovery unit in stable condition on phenylephrine and propofol drips . 
heart review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , sensations that heart is pounding , emporary loss of consciousness or feeling of lightheadedness . 
the day prior to discharge you were transitioned to by mouth prednisone as you were no longer having rattling sound in the chest while breathing . 
you states that you have never had pain like this before and did have associated sick and vomiting . 
you will be followed by gastrointestinal and nutrition for these problems . 
it is important to make sure that you to have at least daily bowel movements , and that you do not become constipated . 
you were stabilized with packed red blood cells , fresh frozen plasma , platelets . 
you were evaluated by psych who found you agitated and oriented times one . 
you were found to have blood pressure 76 / 40 with heart rate to 116 and satting 98 % on room air . 
electrocardiogram showed aflutter with ventricular rate in the 60s . 
thoughts of self-harm and free thyroxine were checked b / o persistent tachycardia and were within normal limits . 
belly and lower part of the torso computed tomography showed no evidence of retroperitoneal bleed , no evidence of kidney swells or abnormal kidney fluid . 
you were placed nothing by mouth , a kidneys, ureters, and bladder x-ray was obtained which revealed an ileus ; you were kept nothing by mouth for several days until you began to pass flatus and having bowel movements . 
80 year old male with medical monitoring project including diabetes mellitus type ii , high blood fat , chronic renal failure , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who presented with intestinal angina and was admitted by vascular surgery for possible stenting . 
you will be discharged with the heparin glucose tolerance test to continue until your international normalized ratio is therapeutic in the range of 3 - 3 . 
ear, nose, and throat was consulted who performed airway scoping and though patient most likely had supraglotic squamous cell carcinoma with bilateral metastatis . 
you have history of presentation to emergency department in 2 - 5 with acute onset jaw and ear pain and was found to have left bundle branch block with minor ant . 
you have not had chest pain , wosened shortness of breath , shortness of breath when lying flat , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea , increase lower extremity edema , abdominal pain , sick / vomit / watery stool . 
on hemodialysis 5 the hematocrit fell ~ 7 points to 22 , which was re - checked , and you were transfused 2 units of packed red blood cells with an appropriate response and remained stable . 
dizziness had improved by the morning of hemodialysis 3 , and you were walking steadily aroubnd the unit . 
the gastrointestinal team has been made aware of you ; given your varices , gastrointestinal has recommended no nasogastric tube placement and rapid transfer to medical intensive care unit for esophagogastroduodenoscopy . 
you were dministered full - dose aspirin and started on a nitroglycerin glucose tolerance test . 
with an unnclear etiology , given that disseminated intravascular coagulation labs were negative . 
you completed unasyn x 4 days and one additional day of ampicillin . 
you were seen by endocrine and recommended to be discharged with glargine 30 units every night at bedtime and to check your blood glocuse before every meal  . 
blood pressure remained stable for the rest of your hospitalization . 
your a wardname was gradually turned down over the course of 3 days , and the patient was found to regulate her heart rhythm appropriately . 
neurologically you have been doing well working with physical therapy  / ot and speech therapy at hospital3 . 
received ceftraixone , vanc and flagyl for presumed aspiration pulmonary nodular amyloidosis . 
upon presentation to the emergency department , you had a temp of 100 . 0 and was found to be in atrial fibrillation per report . 
patient ' s hematocrit remained stable and you were transferred to the medical floor from the intensive care unit , where again hematocrit remained stable . 
ear, nose, and throat  suggested this might clear / heal on its own , but that if it does n ' t , speech and swallow consult as outpatient should be considered . 
lung swells culture was negative and effusions improved clinically with normal sats on room air on discharge . 
it was felt likely that she had e coli sepsis despite the negative blood culture , and you had peritonitis given the large amt of white blood cells count on your abnormal buildup of fluid in the abdomen . 
guaiac positive stool in the setting of low blood platelet count make slow gastrointestinal bleed a possible source of low blood pressure as well although hematocrit remained stable . 
when you arrived at the post-anesthesia care unit you had to be reintubated for resp distress . 
a head computed tomography showed traumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage and neurosurgery consulted for further management . 
you report significantly decreased by mouth intake over the last 4 days prior to admission . 
you ruled in for an acute myocardial infarction with elevated troponins . 
based on their findings , the decision was made to electively intubated for you fiberoptically via l nares . 
you were taking to the operating room on hemodialysis 2 for exploratory abdominal incision and evacuation of the collection of blood outside of blood vessels . 
you were started on levaquin / flagyl for possible pneumonia yesterday and were evaluated by psych for mental status  changes and an electroencephalogram report is pending . 
you were transfused with 2 units red blood cells ' s on the 18th and was removed from ventilator . 
there was concern for pancreatic necrosis at outside hospital , however review of imaging here showed acute pancreas infection but no reasons of necrosis . 
linezolid was also started in the acute setting because of a report indicating that patient . 
you should maintain tight blood sugar control as well ( glycosylated hemoglobin 6 . 7 ) . 
original head computed tomography was positive for a small bleed in the left main chamber of heart . 
per family you were aggitated and taken to emergency department . 
there was right vertex brain surgery , with improved trace subjacent presence of air or gas within the cranial cavity . 
responded well to esmolol drip in the intensive care unit with improvement in rate control to 80s . 
there was question of ileus on kidneys, ureters, and bladder x-ray although no clinical signs were apparent . 
as anxiety was thought to be contributing to your abnormally rapid breathing , you were given ativan , and the respiratory rate remained normal during the remainder of your hospitalization . 
you were kept intubated for first 24 hours given high dose mannitol and steroids . 
you went to an outside hospotal where computed tomography showed an acute internal brain bleeding . 
you presented to emergency department with unresponsiveness and was intubated for airway protection and difficulty breathing . 
you had received a plavix loading dose of 300mg during catheterization so surgery was delayed until monday 2192 - 11 - 5 while plavix washed out . 
diuresis with lasix drip was given with incomplete response . 
since increasing dose of vancomycin , you have been not feverish . 
you had repeat transthoracic echocardiogram that was unchanged and it was recommended that you have another one in about 4 months . 
ears, nose, throat was consulted who performed airway scoping which was non revealing . 
you received a dose of ceftriaxone , clindamycin , and azithromycin for community-acquired pneumonia + post - obstructive pneumonia , as well as nebulizers and solumedrol x 1 . . 
your code status was again changed to do not intubate - you agreed to discuss with your primary care provider living will on the second trip to the operation room , fluids released from a wound was again encountered and a wound vac was placed . 
bedside transthoracic echocardiogram showed a moderate excess fluid in heart with some right ventricle / ra blood pressure collapse when heart muscle relaxes . 
you should have a follow up echo in a couple of months to evaluate for any recovery . 
post operatively you were transferred to trauma surgical intensive care unit for close monitoring . 
a chest x-ray  taken on the 8 - 6 , demonstrated interval improvement in left lung with stable water on the lungs . 
you had an urgent esophagogastroduodenoscopy on 10 - 5 which revealed small arteriovenous malformation in the mucous membrane layer of the stomach . 
swan numbers were more consistent with sepsis with a relatively low central venous pressure , high cardiac output / index , and low systemic vascular resistance . 
a large volume of bloody fluid was removed from the abdomen , but active bleeding was not seen . 
an lumbar puncture was done that showed an opening pressure of 26 ( not fully relaxed ) , with elevated protein of 292 . 
he had a chest tube placed at the time of surgery that was removed of postoperative days # 3 after its drainage decreased . 
you made excellent progress and were discharged to home with visiting nursing association services on postoperative days # 4 . 
you were continue on aspirin , metoprolol 25 mg hospital1 , imdur 30 during admission . 
the neurological exam began slowly improving and some left lower ends inclined movement was noted . 
you had ongoing symptoms in 2138 - 1 - 2 and had lower extremity non-invasive test done at that time which showed non - occlusive blood clot of the left common femoral vein is similar in appearance to prior imaging studies . 
you suffer continual pain in her back and a band - like pain across the lower aspect of her ribs / upper belly . 
of note , legionella and cryptococcal antigen studies were negative and pneumocystis pneumonia not seen on sputum antibody test . 
the reasons of heart arrest was likely multifactorial and potentially related to infection such as toxic megacolon and ? 
you converted to slow release and were discharged to home on postoperative days # 5 in stable condition . 
you are s / p lamina remove surgery and evacuation of the epidural abscess and s / p insulin resistance  drainage of l psoas abscess and l gluteal muscle abscess . 
bladder pressure was checked to monitor for belly compartment syndrome . 
r triple peripherally inserted central catheter is in place after unsuccessful triple-lumen catheter attempt . 
the arrest was witnessed by a family member , who performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation . 
you have chronic lower extremity edema , but otherwise have been doing well since your last admission , initally at rehab then d / c ' d home . 
in the critical care unit a swan-ganz was placed and your initial readings were pulmonary capillary wedge pressure 38 , posteroanterior 56 / 24 . 
by the time of discharge on postoperative days 4 you were walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral painkiller . 
antibiotics were switched to vanc / zosyn for better free oxygen requiring coverage out of concern for aspiration lung infection . 
you were not jaundiced , had normal white count , unelevated liver function test , and were not jaundiced on exam . 
a right internal jugular central venous line was placement and x - ray confirmed placement . 
81 male with unknown progressive macular hypomelanosis was transfered from outside hospital for evaluation . 
gastrointestinal signed off at that point and indicated that they did not believe you were having a significant gastrointestinal bleed and that further workup should be defered to the outpatient setting . 
gastrointestinal was consulted in the emergency department and advised an nasogastric lavage , though this was not performed prior to transfer . 
you were intubated for airway protection with dose of vercuronium for agitation . 
due to high blood pressure , you initially required nitro drip . 
once your post operation magnetic resonance imaging was obtained , you were cleared for discharge and you were in agreement with this plan . 
ejection fraction may have been slightly more depressed than previously noted due to recent supraventricular tachycardia . 
your complaints of right arm pain had improved as did the strength in your right arm . 
you were treated with ambisome with plans for therapy for 1 - 2 weeks followed by itraconazole for at least a year . 
multiple consistencies of barium were administered under constant video x - ray movie observation . 
your catheter and drain were removed postoperative days 3 and you were able to take by mouth ' s . 
your liver disease is complicated by enlarged veins in the esophagus and enlargement of the spleen . 
you were started on vanco , clinda , and tigecycline and outside hospital and were immediately admitted to intensive care unit upon transfer . 
you have bruise to left hip from bumping into doorway and c / o stubbing your toe multiple times lately . 
the belly wound drainage decreased and granulation tissue was noted . 
you were stable on floor and transaminitis continued to improve . 
the headache started occipitally but involved the whole head . 
toradol was added to your prescribed course of medical treatment which was helpful . 
69 y / o male w / known aortic stenosis , now w / progressive shortness of breath , decreased exercise tolerance . 
you were becoming increasingly fast heart rate , and were given 2 boluses 500cc normal saline . 
continued on calcium acetate and cinacalcet as well as nephrocaps . 
1 day following discharge you began having hiccups lasting longer than one month , worsening sick , and worsening belly pain . 
58 year old female who presented to pneumocystis carinii pneumonia  office with chest pain and shortness of breath . 
you will need another echo in about a month . 
you were restarted on medicine that makes body produce more pee to help mobilize fluid . 
83 year old female h / o diabetes mellitus , coronary artery disease s / p myocardial infarction , chronic renal insufficiency who was discharged on 2139 - 1 - 16 after a lengthy hospitalization for trauma . 
your trach was replaced in the emergency department , and he was subsequently discharged . 
you were thin with furosemide toward her preoperative weight . 
statin was recently changed to gemfibrizil as you felt lousy and you had decided to stop taking plavix as it had been more than 2 years since last catheter . 
you were eventually stabilized and transferred to the tumors team . 
it was thought that your delta mental status may have been due to underlying infection , and source for this was sought out . 
patient underwent an esophagogastroduodenoscopy on 2184 - 5 - 13 which revealed a duodenal ulcer which was successfully cauterized . 
you have been instructed to follow - up with her primary care provider on discharge to further coordinate this . 
master of surgery informed the primary team that you had no medical insurance by choice so the team kept costs in mind while caring for this patient , and you were discharged on half pills of higher dose medications where possible . 
enterococcal urinary tract infection was treated with vancomcyin initially , then linezolid until sensitivities returned . 
at hospital1 location 620 , vital signs : t98 . 4 p44 rr18 bp181 / 74 and oxygen saturation  97 % . 
this large - for - gestational - age term infant was brought to the nicufor evaluation of low blood sugar . 
pathology showed gland cancer , and cell test was most consistent with a lung primary . 
your aeci and beta blocker were held during much of this hospitalization because of your low blood pressure . 
you were managed nonoperatively with percutaneous drainage and you matured an abnormal connection that develops between the intestinal tract or stomach and the skin which ultimately closed . 
you reported that you were having decreased flatus , but no bloody bowel movements and no discomfort when urinating or vaginal discharge . 
though you endorsed suicidality on presentation , this resolved with resolution of your intoxication . 
while i nthe cardiovascular intensive care unit you required pressure support post operative course 11 - 21 electrophysiology procedure was consulted for interigation of intercostal drain 11 - 24 you extubate computed tomography out / post chest x-ray  no pnuemothorax electrophysiology procedure interrigation of intercostal drain again for lower rate when stable you were delined . 
you were aggressively resuscitated and his urine was alkalinized . 
a lipid panel was checked and your low-density lipoprotein was in the 40s . 
you are a 86 y / o man who presents with right frontal intraparenchymal hemorrhage . 
this twin was noted to have growth restriction within the uterus and was followed with serial ultrasounds . 
you responded to intravenous fluids and your complete remission went down . 
your creatinine stayed at 1 . 4 for the remainder of his admission . 
overnight , you c / o some mild left sided chest pain with no other symptoms . 
you have been treated with bowel prescribed course of medical treatment and enemas in the emergency department without great success . 
a computed tomography angiography was negative for pulmonary embolism , but showed marked lung disease . 
your outside records were reviewed and you admitted to the trauma surgical intensive care unit . 
free t4 was also low , indicating a condition in which your thyroid gland doesn ' t produce enough of certain crucial hormones , so you were started on levothyroxine at 50 mg . 
blood thinner was held per bloody pericardial effusion and no evidence of atrial fibrillation during admission . 
the continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration catheter clooted on 8 - 5 , but resolved to tissue plasminogen activator . 
the risks of this was explained to you by multiple midlevels on the team and you allowed us to place 2 staples . 
you were given vanc and ceftriaxone to cover for meningococus and giant papillary conjunctivitis , doxy to cover rickettsial disease and flagyl given the abdominal complaints . 
likely there is some extension to the cortex that is difficult to see on computed tomography as you have clear paraphasic errors and word - finding difficulties as well . 
you report you have had dark cloudy urine with white chuncky matter in your stream occasionally . 
your hypertension was tx with your regular home medications w / o adjustment . 
this is a 55 year old female admitted for fever / leukocytosis , abdominal pain . 
your steroids were managed as outlined above in sections 1 and 2 . 
an belly computed tomography scan showed small bowel obstruction and rectal thickening . 
airway scoping showed arytenoid joint dislocations , narrowing of the airway , and weak airway walls . 
in your workup you were referred for a chest x - ray which revealed an enlarged heart tissue . 
you had one episode of watery bowel movements this morning but otherwise no gastrointestinal complaints although you have not been able to drink or eat much . 
orthopedic consult for possible compartment syndrome , continued to monitor for changes hourly in intensive care unit . 
given a recurrence of too slow heart rate , the metoprolol dose was minimized and furosemide , per nephrology , was added for uncontrolled high blood pressure . 
per heme / onc your plavix was never stopped , although you are a poor historian and are unable to verify the medications you are taking at home . 
social work / case management : sturgeeber syndrome was consulted to help you cope with the new diagnosis . 
your hematocrit was revealed to be 28 and a swan - ganz catheter showed low right atrial and left atrial pressure . 
you were taken to heart catheterization on 5 - 27 , which showed occluded the heart bypass vessel , native 3 - vessel coronary artery disease , and a thrombus in the distal saphenous vein graft . 
you will be discharged home not on any beta - adrenergic blocking agents , calcium - channel blocker or amiodarone . 
you were transitioned to an oral pain regimen with oxycontin and by mouth dilaudid prior to discharge . 
you were started on zithromax , and chemotherapy originally on admission , and after blood cultures came back positive on 2172 - 12 - 20 , you were started on intravenous vancomycin w / d / c of zithromax . 
you were subsequently discharged to rehab in good condition on 2127 - 3 - 26 tolerating a regular diet , tube feeds cycled at night for nutritional supplementation . 
you also had a computed tomography of his neck , which showed no fracture but degenerative joint disease . 
you initially required heart medicines and pressors for blood flow instability and a transesophageal echocardiogram was obtained that revealed right ventricle movement disorder . 
fluid status is managed with blood filtering as you do not make urine . 
you were admitted to rehab for management of the necrotic wound on her right lower lobe  , discharged , and treated with vanc / cefepime and vincristine dressing . 
kidney doctor was consulted who believed creatinine would trend down without intervention and that continuous veno-venous hemofiltration / hd was not indicated . 
your vomiting has been nonbloody , somewhat bilious , and you also reports very poor by mouth intake due to your sore throat . 
you tried two sublingual nitro , but did not help . 
post op hematocrit showed post operative changes and presence of air or gas within the right cranial cavity . 
there was no witnessed seizure activity , bowel / bladder incontinence at home . 
this 81 - year - old female with history of coronary artery disease , ejection fraction less than 20 % , and uncoordinated heart rate , who presents with symptomatic mobitz type ii a - v block . 
it appears that your disorder that too much iron builds up in his body is mild and has been well controlled with close monitoring . 
cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath on exertion , coughing at night , shortness of breath when lying flat , ankle swellings , sensations that heart is racing , temporary loss of consciousness or feeling of lightheadedness . 
however , it was an incidental finding and you did not demonstrate any signs or symptoms of infection of the peritoneum or blocked arteries . 
